![title image](media/title-image.png "title-image")

How identical could 2 persons be?

What has this got to do with the Trinity.

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D.**

What has telling people apart got to do with the Trinity, and what
exactly is Trinity?

**<u>TRINITY</u>**

Trinity is a doctrine.

A doctrine is a belief or set of beliefs, taught by a Church.

Trinity is a belief taught by most Christian churches, which defines one
God existing in three coequal divine persons.

How can one being exist in 3 persons?

As you might imagine, the early church struggled over this doctrine.
They eventually reduced their belief in the Trinity to two short
statements. They concluded that God is one in essence but three in
person.

Is it possible for God to be one in essence, but three in person?

Let’s find out.

**<u>ONE BUT MORE</u>**

Say we have 2 brothers named: Tom and Jerry; let’s try to tell them
apart!

Let’s try to tell them apart.

Well, we can tell them apart by their looks.

What if they were identical twins?

If Tom and Jerry are identical twins, then we could tell them apart from
their fingerprint.

What makes a fingerprint unique is that they are not genetically
determined.

Rather, they are formed in the womb, as a result of external processes.

For Tom to have the same fingerprint as Jerry, he would have to
experience the same process as Jerry, in the womb.

You see, our experiences shape who we are, in addition to our DNA.

This means that no matter how similar Tom and Jerry’s atoms are, their
experiences will make them different.

To truly be the same, both Tom and Jerry would have to experience the
exact same events.

There would be no way to tell Tom and Jerry apart if both of them have
the exact same atoms and have experienced the exact same events.

This means that our experiences as well as the material we are made of,
shape who we are.

This is theoretically sound.

However, it is not practicable for 2 beings to share the exact same
experiences; Or is it?

Imagine Tom and Jerry had the same atoms.

They also go to the same places and do the same things, to experience
the same events.

However, no matter how hard they tried, they would only experience:
“almost similar events”.

The sun could fall slightly more on Tom than on Jerry.

At birth, even though they are laid next to each other, a drop of fluid
from the ceiling, could land on Tom and not on Jerry.

This means that to truly experience the same events both beings will
have to always occupy the same space and time.

Could they still be said to be 2 different beings, if they always occupy
the same space and time?

What has all this got to do with the Trinity?

What if Tom was omni-present?

That would also make Jerry omni-present, because they are made of the
exact same material.

**<u>OMNIPRESENCE AND TRINITY</u>**

Being omni-present introduces a twist.

An omni-present being will be in all space and time.

This means that omni-present Tom will experience all space and time.

The same applies to omni-present Jerry.

This means that both Tom and Jerry experience the exact same space and
time, namely: “All space and time”.

If both omni-present Tom and omni-present Jerry are made of the exact
same material, then they must be the same.

So, omni-present Tom and omni-present Jerry are 2 persons, but they are
the same.

They are the same because they are literally the same material.

Each also experiences everything the other experiences.

If you told omni-present Tom something, omni-present Jerry would have
heard it too.

If you saw omni-present Tom on the way to Costco, you would have seen
omni-present Jerry too.

Do you know that when Phillip asked Jesus to: “Show us the Father.”

Jesus replied: “Have I been so long with you, and yet you have not known
me, Philip? Whoever has seen me, has seen the Father.”

We have shown that 2 omni-present beings of the same essence will be
one, even though 2 persons.

This applies to any number of omni-present beings.

This is interesting because all 3 persons of the Trinity are
omni-present.

This explains why they are one essence but 3 persons.

No wonder that if you have seen Jesus, then you have seen the Father.

Trinity in action.

**<u>THE WORD, THE SPIRIT, THE GOD</u>**

Simply put, trinity means that:

The word of God is God.

The spirit of God is God.

We can understand how the spirit of God is God.

We simply think: “my spirit is me, so the spirit of God is God.”

But we rarely think, “my word is me.”

Are your words you?

Earlier, we showed that the material we are made of as well as our
experiences, shape who we are.

What material is a spirit made of?

Definitely not physical material.

The bible lets us understand that everything was created by the word of
God.

So, spirits are made of words, in particular the word of God.

What about a spirit’s experiences; by that I mean what influences a
spirit?

A human could be influenced by heat, cold, fear and pain.

What could influence a spirit?

Jesus said that spoken words contain spirit life.

Life refers to something that brings alive, so that the words spoken by
Jesus contain something that brings alive.

This means that the words spoken by Jesus influences the spirit.

So, words influence spirits.

By words we mean audible words, visible words, images and other forms of
communication which create an impression in the spirit.

Earlier, we showed that the material we are made of as well as our
experiences, shape who we are.

We have now shown that spirits are made of and influenced by: “words.”

This means that a spirit is shaped by the sum of all the words it
believes.

No wonder the bible says: “as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he”.

The words in your heart, are you.

I mean the real you; the spirit you.

No wonder the bible reveals that a person is perfect if their words are
perfect.

If our words are us and our spirit is us, does this mean that each human
is a trinity?

Well, we are not a trinity because our words do not have its own person.
Or do they?

What do you think?

Let me know in the comments section.

**Thanks for listening.**

**Share this with someone who needs to know. Follow us to learn more.**

**<u>LEARN MORE</u>**

Website: <http://liveabove3d.com>

Youtube:
[<u>https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d)

Tiktok:
[<u>https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d)

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d
[<u>https://twitter.com/live\_above\_3d</u>](https://twitter.com/live_above_3d)

Reddit: live-above-3d <https://www.reddit.com/user/live-above-3d>

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/live.above.3d/>

Facebook:
[<u>https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423</u>](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423)

**<u>BIBLE VERSES</u>**

<sup>8</sup>Philip saith unto him, Lord, show us the Father, and it
sufficeth us.

<sup>9</sup>Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with
you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath
seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Show us the Father?

John 14:8-9

**<sup>1</sup>In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God,
and the Word was God.**

<sup>2</sup>The same was in the beginning with God.

**<sup>3</sup>All things were made by him**; and without him was not
any thing made that was made.

John 1:1-3

It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: **the
words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.**

John 6:63

For **as he thinketh in his heart, so is he**: Eat and drink, saith he
to thee; but his heart is not with thee.

Proverbs 23:7

For in many things we offend all. **If any man offend not in word, the
same is a perfect man**, and able also to bridle the whole body.

James 3:2

**Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which
cometh out of the mouth**, this defileth a man.

Mathew 15:11

O generation of vipers, how can ye, being evil, speak good things? for
**out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.**

Mathew 12:34
