Are there secret plans to create a new type of human beings?

What has all this got to do with Adam?

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D.
(**<live.above.3d@gmail.com>**)**

In Genesis, a lineage was established; whose patriarch was Adam.

About four thousand years later, another lineage was established; whose
patriarch is Jesus Christ.

In 1 Corinthians 15:45 the bible calls Jesus Christ the last Adam.

Notwithstanding the bible’s choice of words, in coming times, a new
lineage will be established.

The new lineage will attempt to improve our current imperfections.

We call the patriarch of this new lineage the would-be third Adam.

Let’s compare all three Adams starting with “image”.

In Genesis 1:27, God created the first Adam in his own image.

As for the second Adam, the bible in Hebrews 1 verse 3, records that he
is the express image of God.

The second Adam is not “in the image”, but rather “is the image”; of
God.

To improve mankind’s current imperfections, the would-be third Adam will
be created in an image, but not the image of God.

Here is how Revelation 13 verse 14 puts it.

And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those
miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to
them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the
beast.

This gives me the creeps.

Something (which the bible calls the beast) will bring about advancement
and wonders (which the bible calls miracles) so that some humans will be
convinced to make an image of the beast.

Those who should know (most end time preachers) believe that we are at
that point in time.

This means that there are plans to create an image of the beast.

By the way, what does the bible mean by the word: image?

Well, we live in a 3-dimensional world.

3-dimensional objects have length, breadth, and depth.

2-dimensional objects have only length and breadth.

A person is 3-dimensional.

A photograph of a person is a representation of that person in
2-dimensions.

Therefore, an image is a platform for a higher dimensional thing to
express itself in a lower dimension.

There are many videos on the internet explaining how higher dimensional
objects look like in lower dimensions.

A good video to watch is this Ted - ed titled “Exploring other
dimensions”.

A link to that video is in the description to this video.

We learn that a three dimensional being has a 2-dimensional reflection
or shadow.

Similarly, a four dimensional being has a 3-dimensional reflection or
shadow.

This means that a 3-dimensional, or physical, being could be the shadow,
or image, of a 4-dimensional being.

There’s more.

Scientists generally agree that a 4-dimensional being would be able to
appear and disappear, as well as walk through walls.

Religious folks believe that these are the characteristics of spirits,
so that we can safely conclude that the spirit realm is the fourth
dimension.

In fact, there is a book (which you should read) by Doctor David Yonggi
Cho titled “The fourth dimension.”

So far, we have shown how imaging plays a role in representing higher
dimensional beings or spirits in our 3-dimensional, or physical, world.

We have also shown that there are plans to create an image of a spirit
being, which the bible calls the beast.

The rest of this video will show that such an image is the first step in
populating the earth with a new kind of being.

Next, we compare all 3 Adams with respect to “life”.

Being an image is one thing, but if you can’t communicate or move, then
you have no influence.

So, all 3 Adams have life, as it allows them to influence their
surroundings.

However, the second Adam is different, as we will see.

Concerning the first Adam, Genesis 2:7 says: “God breathed into his
nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.”

As for the second Adam, 1 Corinthians 15 verse 45 lets us know that he
is a life-giving spirit.

In the future, the beast will give live to its image, the would-be third
Adam.

Revelation 13:15 records how it will happen.

“The beast had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the
image of the beast should speak.”

So, the first and would-be third Adams get their life from a source, but
the second Adam is the source of life.

The life from the second Adam is different.

No wonder Jesus told living humans that he came to give life to them.

They had one kind of life, yet he offered them another kind.

Jesus called the life he offered them: “life to the fullest” or
“abundant life”.

He lived that life.

In living that life, Jesus (like an image, or a mirror’s reflection) did
exactly what the Father did.

Jesus also showed that his kind of life does not experience doubt,
worry, fear, or death.

These things may happen, but that person does not respond to them.

Rather, that person responds to God.

There was a time the disciples of Jesus were afraid of perishing in a
storm.  
  
At the same time, Jesus was at rest, at peace, asleep.

As for death, Jesus said that person would live, even though they died.

In the next section of this video, we will show how to accept Jesus’
offer to live the abundant life.

We have shown that all 3 Adams influence their surroundings.

This is no coincidence, as each Adam is intended to rule.

God blessed the first Adam with rulership over the earth by instructing
him to subdue the earth and have dominion over every living thing.

As for the second Adam, when he was born, wise men came from the east
and said: “Where is he that is born, king of the Jews, for we have seen
his star in the east”.

The second Adam (Jesus the Christ) revealed something about his kingdom
when Pilate, who was the (Rome appointed) Governor of Judea, asked him
if he was the king of the Jews.

Jesus answered Pilate saying: “My kingdom is not of this world.”

All 3 Adams will rule; but the third will rule for a short while, by
force.

Revelation 13 verse 15 reveals that the would-be third Adam will kill
anyone who refuses to worship him.

Power and authority are the hallmark of a king.

However, kings display their authority in different ways.

Jesus displayed graceful rulership while he was on earth.

He controlled sicknesses, evil spirits, nature, and the weather, using
words.

He also walked on water, appeared and disappeared, as well as walked
through walls.

Jesus did these things out of love for others, to help the sick, the
oppressed and reassure the doubting or fearful.

No wonder that in Luke 4 verse 18 Jesus declared.

“The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to
preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the
brokenhearted”

“to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the
blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised.”

In coming times, the would-be third Adam will do miracles, then force
others to worship him.

The question is, which show of power attracts you?

The one that loves others, or the one that forces.

We have seen that all 3 Adams are images; having life; to rule.

There is one last point.

An Adam is the first of a kind.

An Adam is the seed, the specimen of a new kind of being so that he is
required to spread his kind over the earth. We see this in all 3 Adams.

In Genesis 1 verse 28: God instructs the first Adam to: “be fruitful,
and multiply, and replenish the earth.”

Every human who has ever lived (including Jesus) stem from the lineage
of the first Adam.

In addition to coming from the lineage of Adam, Jesus started a new
spiritual lineage; Remember his kingdom “is not of this world”.

Jesus also instructed us how to spread this spiritual lineage when he
said:

“Go into all the world and preach the good news to every creature.
Anyone that believes and is baptized shall be saved; but anyone that
does not believe, shall be damned.”

When a human is born, that person is born into the first Adam’s lineage.

When a human believes the good news, that person becomes a member of the
second Adam’s lineage.

This is how to receive Jesus’s gift of abundant life.

Believe the good news.

So, what is this good news?

Before we answer that, let’s see how the would-be third Adam will spread
its kind.

Here is how the bible puts it:

“And he causes all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond,
to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:”

“And that no one might buy or sell, except they have the mark, or the
name of the beast, or the number of his name.”

The would-be third Adam will spread its kind by force, through a mark.

Do not take the mark of the beast. Here is why.

The beast first demands worship, killing those who refuse to worship it.

Thereafter it introduces a mark to identify those who accept to worship
it.

Accepting the mark signifies that you worship the beast.

Also, any advancement, that chooses to kill others to promote its cause,
is evil.

No matter how glorious the cause is.

It’s like me telling you that we can achieve glory by killing those who
oppose our way.

The beast will revive this way of doing things.

Its argument will be compelling. For example, great advancement to the
human cause. Don’t fall for it!

Once again, I say: Do not take the mark of the beast.

Hmmm.

We have shown that something will bring about advancement and wonders so
that some will be convinced to make an image of that thing.

We have also shown that such an image is the first step to filling the
earth with a new kind of being.

What has all these got to do with the good news of Jesus Christ?

Well, the good news is that the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob so loved
the world that he started a new lineage to fill the earth with a better
kind of human.

Also, humans did not have to do anything as Yahweh did everything
himself.

We showed that the kingdom of the second Adam is spiritual.

Well, that spiritual kingdom is based on a new lineage which is not
subject to the problems currently faced by humans.

This is because the patriarch of this new lineage, the second Adam, is
an incorruptible specimen.

The spirit of those who join this new lineage, are re-born from that
incorruptible specimen.

Yahweh is inviting all humans irrespective of race, religion, or status
to join this new kingdom and become a new kind of being.

In various places the bible calls this new kind of being: “new
creature”, “royal”, “priests” and “partakers of the divine nature”.

Yahweh gives those who accept to join, his kind of life, as well as
authority to control this world with words, so that they can help others
experience his love.

This is such good news that unbelievers who experience the love of
Yahweh usually accept his invitation.

So why do some not accept Yahweh’s invitation?

One reason is how Yahweh’s love is expressed.

For example, to demonstrate the love of Yahweh, a person who has already
received authority from Yahweh, freely heals another who is yet to
believe in Yahweh.

The one who is freely healed, is affected by Yahweh’s love, and accepts
his invitation.

This is Yahweh’s recipe for loving adoption into his lineage.

However, humans being humans, have mixed Yahweh’s love with money
making, influence peddling, deception and other vices.

Don’t let the behavior of humans obscure Yahweh’s love.

Don’t let the politics, the divisions, and the circumstances of today,
hide the fact that you have an open invitation of love.

The most important decision any one can make is to accept Yahweh’s
invitation.

When you accept Yahweh’s invitation, you don’t have to call yourself a
Christian, but you have to live as a reflection of Yahweh, just like
Christ did.

This is not religion.

This is Yahweh and his gift of love to humans: Jesus the Christ, the
second and last Adam.

If you accept the plan of Yahweh through Jesus Christ, then you are
ready to become a member of Yahweh’s family, lineage, and kingdom.

You have come this far. Let’s finish this.

I will display the words of a prayer; first read the words.

If you agree with the words; after reading, say them out loud to Yahweh.

O Lord God, you showed your love for this world, by sending your only
begotten Son, Jesus Christ to pay the price of death for our sins. I
accept his payment for my sins, so I don’t have to pay.

You say that if I confess that Jesus is Lord and believe that you raised
him from the dead, I will be saved. So, I confess that Jesus Christ is
my Lord and savior and that you raised him from the dead.

Thank you for saving me. Thank you, father, for adopting me into your
family, lineage, and kingdom.

If you prayed the prayer to Yahweh, reach out to me or any other person
who can show you how to express God’s love in power.

My email is in the description to this video.

**Thanks for listening.**

**Share this with someone who needs to know. Follow us to learn more.  
**

Tiktok: <https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d>

Youtube: <https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d>

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/live.above.3d/>

Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423>

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d <https://twitter.com/live_above_3d>

Reddit: live-above-3d <https://www.reddit.com/user/live-above-3d>

**<u>Links</u>**

Ted - ed titled “Exploring other dimensions”
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6kn6nXMWF0>

Book titled “The fourth dimension” by Doctor David Yonggi Cho

<https://www.amazon.com/Fourth-Dimension-Dr-David-Yongghi-ebook/dp/B002LZUFNO>

Video <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=it1VkqJKNrY>

Clip
[https://youtube.com/clip/Ugkx\_Z7kNcsKbalslaW23Y6rPgkfiluE3eP7](https://youtube.com/clip/Ugkx_Z7kNcsKbalslaW23Y6rPgkfiluE3eP7?feature=shared)

**<u>Bible Verses</u>**

**<sup>26 </sup>**And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our
likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over
the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and
over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

**<sup>27 </sup>So God created man in his own image**, in the image of
God created he him; male and female created he them.

Genesis 1:26-27

**1 God**, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past
unto the fathers by the prophets,

**<sup>2 </sup>Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son**, whom
he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;

**<sup>3 </sup>Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express
image of his person**, and upholding all things by the word of his
power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right
hand of the Majesty on high:

Hebrews 1:1-3

**<sup>13 </sup>**Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and
hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son:

**<sup>14 </sup>**In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the
forgiveness of sins:

**<sup>15 </sup>Who is the image of the invisible God**, the firstborn
of every creature:

Colossians 1:13-15

**And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those
miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to
them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the
beast**, which had the wound by a sword, and did live.

Revelation 13:14

And the <span class="smallcaps">Lord</span> **God** formed man of the
dust of the ground, and **breathed into his nostrils the breath of life;
and man became a living soul**.

Genesis 2:7

And so it is written: “The first man Adam was made a living soul.” **The
last Adam was made a quickening Spirit**.

1 Corinthians 15:45

The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: **I
am come that they might have life**, and that they might have it more
abundantly.

John 10:10

..he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image
of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not
worship the image of the beast should be killed.

Revelation 13:15

**Then answered Jesus and said** unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto
you, **The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father
do**: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son
likewise.

John 5:19

**<sup>23 </sup>**But as they sailed he fell asleep: and **there came
down a storm of wind on the lake; and they were filled with water, and
were in jeopardy.**

**<sup>24 </sup>And they came to him, and awoke him, saying, Master,
master, we perish**. Then he arose, and rebuked the wind and the raging
of the water: and they ceased, and there was a calm.

Luke 8:23-24

**Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that
believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live**:

John 11:25

**<sup>17 </sup>**And there was delivered unto him the book of the
prophet Esaias. And when he had opened the book, he found the place
where it was written,

**<sup>18 </sup>The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath
anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal
the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering
of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised**,

**<sup>19 </sup>**To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.

**<sup>20 </sup>**And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the
minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the
synagogue were fastened on him.

**<sup>21 </sup>**And he began to say unto them, This day is this
scripture fulfilled in your ears.

Luke 4:17-21

And **God blessed them, and God said unto them**, Be fruitful, and
multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and **have dominion**
over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and **over every
living thing that moveth upon the earth**.

Genesis 1:28

**<sup>1</sup>** Now **when Jesus was born** in Bethlehem of Judaea in
the days of Herod the king, **behold, there came wise men from the east
to Jerusalem**,

**<sup>2 </sup>Saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews? for we
have seen his star in the east**, and are come to worship him.

Mathew 2:1-2

**Then Pilate** entered into the judgment hall again, and **called
Jesus, and said unto him, Art thou the King of the Jews?**

Jesus answered him, Sayest thou this thing of thyself, or did others
tell it thee of me?

Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have
delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done?

**Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of
this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered
to the Jews**: but now is my kingdom not from hence.

John 18:-33-36

**Where the word of a king is, there is power**: and who may say unto
him, What doest thou?

Ecclesiastes 8:4

And God blessed them, and **God said unto them, Be fruitful, and
multiply, and replenish the earth**, and subdue it: and have dominion
over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every
living thing that moveth upon the earth.

Genesis 1:28

**<sup>15 </sup>**And he said unto them, **Go ye into all the world, and
preach the gospel to every creature.**

**<sup>16 </sup>He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he
that believeth not shall be damned.**

Mark 16:15-16

**<sup>16 </sup>**And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and
poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their
foreheads:

**<sup>17 </sup>**And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had
the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.

Revelation 13:16-17

**<sup>24 </sup>**For Christ is not entered into the holy places made
with hands, which are the figures of the true; but into heaven itself,
now to appear in the presence of God for us:

**<sup>25 </sup>**Nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the
high priest entereth into the holy place every year with blood of
others;

**<sup>26 </sup>**For then must he often have suffered since the
foundation of the world: but **now once in the end of the world hath he
appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself**.

Hebrews 9:24-26

Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the
word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever.

1 Peter 1:23

That ye **be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and
patience inherit the promises.**

Hebrews 6:12
