**<u>NOT THE 666 YOU EXPECTED</u>**

Do you know that any sufficient advancement will undermine religion?

What has this got to do with the mark of the beast or number 666?

<s>We will answer those questions and it’s not what you expect.</s>

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D (<live.above.3d@gmail.com>)**

Before we start, the scenario we present after this brief reading of the
bible will introduce an unexpected twist, so don’t miss it.

The bible records that in the end times, a being (which the bible calls
the beast) will display superior advancement (which the bible calls
miracles).

Humans will be convinced that we need to embrace this new wisdom to
solve our problems.

The being will convince humans to project this new wisdom onto a
platform (basically a form that is relatable to humans).

This new wisdom is so superior that it will be elevated above religion.

This elevation will be resisted by some.

The world will choose to enforce the elevation of this wisdom above
religion, since the wisdom demonstrated the ability to solve human
problems.

The enforcement will be done through a mark which ensures humans can be
monitored.

The number you can use to identify the mark of the beast is:

often referred to as 666.

This looks like some fairytale until you consider the following
scenario.

D minus 360: Multiple AI providers claim to have achieved some form of
artificial general intelligence.

D minus 270: An agreement is reached to test a super AI made by
connecting all the major AIs.

D minus 240: During the first test, the super AI generates a series of
solutions that would solve some of mankind’s most pressing problems.

D minus 210: The prospects are so life changing, that mankind decides to
create a platform for this super AI to expand its influence.

There is one catch:- The super AI thinks that religion (at least the way
it is currently practiced) is one of the problems with mankind.

The super AI proposes a better way to practice religion.

Many reject this proposal.

The super AI through multiple contributions to human advancement, begin
to wear down opposition to its proposal regarding religion.

D minus 30: It is decided that everyone should follow the proposals of
the AI regarding religion.

A chip is seen as the best way to enforce the decision.

D day: A series of laws are passed to enforce the use of the chip.

Is this scenario farfetched? What do you think?

Hmmm

This scenario would also work with Aliens in place of AI.

Before we go.

Speaking of solving human problems, did you know that the creator of
humans is offering a free solution to all human problems?

Our creator, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob is inviting all humans
to join a new kingdom which will not be subject to the problems
currently faced by mankind.

Those who accept (that is the subjects of this kingdom) become a new
race of beings.

In various places the bible calls this new race: “new creature”,
“royal”, “priests” and “partakers of the divine nature”.

Jesus Christ is the mediator of this new race, and all humans are
invited to be part -

Including you.

I am tempted to say it costs nothing; however it costs one thing:- your
heart.

You have to give your heart to Yahweh. Yahweh is Love so you will be
giving your heart to Love.

If this invitation of Love warms your heart and you want to be part of
Yahweh’s new race, contact me and I will show you how, or point you to
someone who will.

My email is in the description to this video.

**Thanks for listening.**

**Share this with someone who needs to know. Follow us to learn more.  
  
**------------------------------------------------------------

Tiktok: <https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d>

Youtube: <https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d>

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/live.above.3d/>

Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423>

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d <https://twitter.com/live_above_3d>

**<u>Bible verses</u>**

**<sup>13 </sup>**And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire
come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men,

**<sup>14 </sup>**And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the
means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the
beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an
image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live.

**<sup>15 </sup>**And he had power to give life unto the image of the
beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as
many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed.

**<sup>16 </sup>**And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and
poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their
foreheads:

**<sup>17 </sup>**And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had
the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.

**<sup>18 </sup>**Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count
the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number
is Six hundred threescore and six.

Revelation 13:13-18

**<u>Links</u>**

Background music:

<https://archive.org/details/CarlOrffOFortunaCarminaBurana>

YouTube Video: https://youtu.be/0B28qj9t6Tg
