![article cover photo](./article-cover-photo.jpg)

What would you do if a billionaire offered you a million dollars to
kneel to him or her.

What would Donald Trump, Greta Thunberg or Elon Musk do?

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D.**

Is it wrong to kneel to another person?

Mr. Beast asks you to kneel to him and you will receive one million
dollars - no strings attached.

Would you kneel?

Let us know what you would do in the comment section.

What about Obama or Greta or Trump or Malala or Elon or Putin or
Zelensky?

What do you think they would do?

Stick around to find out.

**<u>IS IT WRONG TO KNEEL FOR ANOTHER?</u>**

We kneel to monarchs and religious leaders; so, there is nothing wrong
with kneeling – or is there?

Well, it depends.

For context, a person in the bible was offered the whole world by the
ruler of the world, only if he bowed.

The context here is that God had already promised the whole world to the
person being offered the whole world.

If that person had bowed, it would mean trying to earn, what was already
promised by God.

The person being offered the world was Jesus.

The events of Jesus being offered the world is recorded in Matthew
chapter 4 from verse 8 to 11.

When offered the world by Satan, Jesus replied: “Be gone, Satan! For it
is written, you shall worship the Lord your God and only him shall you
serve”.

You could say this does not apply to you, since God did not promise you
a million dollars, so accepting a million dollars will not be
compromising God’s provision.

Well, that is only one part of the equation.

The other part has to do with who you are bowing to.

For context, an American citizen could fly the Iranian flag on their
lawn.

However, a United States Ambassador cannot or at least should not.

This is because symbols like flags, or kneeling are not meaningless.

Such symbols mark who you are loyal or submit to.

The loyalty of an ambassador must be clear at all times.

If you stand for a cause, then a billionaire who is against that cause
offers you a million dollars to kneel to him or her; the choice is
yours.

If you kneel, you may have just thrown away your voice, your standing,
your trust and more, when it comes to that cause.

This is why people like Malala or Putin or Obama who are known for a
cause, will not kneel irrespective of their wealth.

If they kneel, it would be to advance their cause.

For example, Malala Yousafzai could kneel if the money would be used to
advance girls’ education.

Another example is Zelensky kneeling if the money would support his
cause of defending Ukraine.

On the other hand, Donald Trump, Vladmir Putin and Elon Musk would
probably never kneel.

These have a messiah complex. (Who wouldn’t have given their followers)

Unlike Malala and others who have causes, many have made money their
primary cause or goal in life.

Such persons will probably kneel, if offered one million dollars to do
so.

**<u>CHRISTIANS SHOULD NOT KNEEL FOR MONEY</u>**

Meanwhile, if you are a Christian, you may not kneel for such reasons.

As a Christian, you are an ambassador for Christ.

This much is recorded in Second Corinthians 5 verse 20.

Like Ambassadors, the world over, your loyalty must never be in doubt.

Moreover, as a Christian, God takes care of your needs.

If you try to get money outside of God’s means, you are saying you don’t
trust God.

So, what is God’s means to get money.

**<u>BUT RATHER EARN MONEY THE BIBLE WAY</u>**

From the scripture, there are 3 general ways to make money.

**One – The Good**

The good way to make money is to work.

Proverbs 14 verse 23 reveals that in all labour there is profit.

Also, Psalm 128 verse 2 declares that we shall eat the labour of our
hands and be happy.

So, investing - Yes

Gambling – No.

Get rich quick – No.

**Two – The Acceptable**

The acceptable way to make money is to give your money to others.

Luke 6 verse 38 puts it this way: “Give, and it shall be given unto you;
good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall
men give into your bosom”.

Second Corinthians 9 verse 7 sums it all up by saying: “God loves a
cheerful giver”

So; giving to the poor – Yes

Saving – No

**Three – The Perfect**

The perfect way to make money is to give up your family, money and
everything to serve God.

Alluding to this, in Matthew 19 verse 29, Jesus said: “Every one that
has forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or
wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive a
hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life”.

One last word - Good is not acceptable.

What do you think?

Let me know in the comments section.

**Thanks for listening.**

**Share this with someone who needs to know. Follow us to learn more.**

**<u>LEARN MORE</u>**

https://youtu.be/Zz0_vwOu_ps
http://liveabove3d.com/2024/02/08/To-kneel-or-not-to-kneel/

Website: <http://liveabove3d.com>

Youtube:
[<u>https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d)

Tiktok:
[<u>https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d)

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d
[<u>https://twitter.com/live\_above\_3d</u>](https://twitter.com/live_above_3d)

Reddit: live-above-3d <https://www.reddit.com/user/live-above-3d>

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/live.above.3d/>

Facebook:
[<u>https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423</u>](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423)

**<u>BIBLE VERSES</u>**

**<sup>8</sup>**Again, the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high
mountain, and sheweth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory
of them;

**<sup>9</sup>**And saith unto him, All these things will I give thee,
if thou wilt fall down and worship me.

**<sup>10</sup>**Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for
it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt
thou serve.

<sup>11</sup>Then the devil leaveth him, and, behold, angels came and
ministered unto him.

Matthew 4:8-11

**<sup>20</sup>**Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God
did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled
to God.

2 Corinthians 5:20

<sup>23</sup>In all labour there is profit: but the talk of the lips
tendeth only to penury.

Proverbs 14:23

<sup>2</sup>For thou shalt eat the labour of thine hands: happy shalt
thou be, and it shall be well with thee.

Psalm 128:2

<sup>18</sup>For the scripture saith, thou shalt not muzzle the ox that
treadeth out the corn. And, The labourer is worthy of his reward.

1 Timothy 5:18

<sup>38</sup>Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure,
pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall men give into
your bosom. For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be
measured to you again.

Luke 6:38

**<sup>6</sup>**But this I say, He which soweth sparingly shall reap
also sparingly; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also
bountifully.

**<sup>7</sup>**Every man according as he purposeth in his heart, so
let him give; not grudgingly, or of necessity: for God loveth a cheerful
giver.

2 Corinthians 9:6-7

<sup>29</sup>And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or
sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my
name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting
life.

Matthew 19:29

<sup>26</sup>For God giveth to a man that is good in his sight wisdom,
and knowledge, and joy: but to the sinner he giveth travail, to gather
and to heap up, that he may give to him that is good before God. This
also is vanity and vexation of spirit.

Ecclesiastes 2:26
