**<u>WHY JEWS ARE HATED</u>**

Tiktok: <https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d>

Youtube: <https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d>

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/live.above.3d/>

Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423>

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d <https://twitter.com/live_above_3d>

<live.above.3d@gmail.com>

What would make your brothers think that slavery is mild punishment for
you?

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D.**

Today I will explain why Jews are hated.

Jews are hated for the same reason that Joseph’s brothers hated him.

To understand this hatred, I will answer the question: “What would make
your brothers think that slavery is mild punishment for you?”

The Bible records that Joseph had a dream that his parents and brothers
would bow to him.

But that’s not the reason his brothers tried to kill him, then settled
for slavery.

You see, like Joseph, Abraham had a promise from God.

Yet no one tried to kill Abraham for this.

The difference between Joseph and Abraham, is that Joseph’s promise
meant that God had rejected his siblings.

Since Joseph was the 11th of 12 sons, the dream meant that God rejected
10 sons to choose Joseph.

This rejection haunted Joseph’s siblings to the point that they thought:
“You know what, let’s kill him so that his dream will not come true.”

Here’s the catch.

When God chooses another person and you try to undermine God’s choice,
you are confirming the reason why He did not choose you in the first
place.

What does all this have to do with hatred for Jews?

Well, the most influential religious text on earth are the 5 books of
Moses.

Jews, Christians and Muslims (more than half of the world’s population)
believe those texts but interpret them differently.

The books of Moses (and other religious text) reveal that God chose a
people and promised them a land.

Simply put:– if the Jews are God’s chosen, then other ethnicities have
been rejected by God.

There’s more.

Every kingdom, every nation has a guardian – a ruling elohim (or divine
being).

There is also a hierarchy of principalities and powers under the ruling
elohim of each kingdom.

For example, Daniel 10 refers to a spiritual battle and mentions the
prince of Persia, the prince of Greece and the prince of Israel.

Did you know that the ruling elohim of all nations were rejected by
Yahweh after they committed a series of offences including marrying
women.

After rejecting these elohim, Yahweh made an agreement with Abraham.

This is how Yahweh became the Elohim of Israel.

The rejected elohim (just like joseph’s brothers) keep trying to
undermine Yahweh’s choice:- Israel.

This is why Jews are hated.

There’s a twist.

Did you know that Yahweh transferred the inheritance of the rejected
elohim to a new race of beings.

In various places the bible calls this new race: “new creature”,
“royal”, “priests” and “partakers of the divine nature”.

Jesus Christ is the mediator of this new race, and all humans are
invited to be part -

Including you.

I am tempted to say it costs nothing; however it costs one thing:- your
heart.

You have to give your heart to Yahweh. Yahweh is Love so you will be
giving your heart to Love.

If this invitation of Love warms your heart and you want to be part of
Yahweh’s new race, contact me and I will show you how, or point you to
someone who will.

My email is in the description to this video.

If you don’t understand or reject all I have just explained, you may
find yourself hating the Jews.

**Thanks for listening.**

**Love us, hate us, like us, follow us; do it now.**

**<u>Links</u>**

<https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d/video/7306844150693956897>

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHKq9RooArA>

<https://www.instagram.com/p/C0OnAhJRwOO>

**<u>Bible Verses</u>**

**<sup>5 </sup>**And Joseph dreamed a dream, and he told it his
brethren: and they hated him yet the more.

**<sup>6 </sup>**And he said unto them, Hear, I pray you, this dream
which I have dreamed:

**<sup>7 </sup>**For, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and,
lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves
stood round about, and made obeisance to my sheaf.

**<sup>8 </sup>**And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign
over us? or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him
yet the more for his dreams, and for his words.

**<sup>9 </sup>**And he dreamed yet another dream, and told it his
brethren, and said, Behold, I have dreamed a dream more; and, behold,
the sun and the moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me.

**<sup>10 </sup>**And he told it to his father, and to his brethren: and
his father rebuked him, and said unto him, What is this dream that thou
hast dreamed? Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow
down ourselves to thee to the earth?

**<sup>11 </sup>**And his brethren envied him; but his father observed
the saying.

Genesis 37:5-11

**<sup>18 </sup>**And when they saw him afar off, even before he came
near unto them, they conspired against him to slay him.

**<sup>19 </sup>**And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer
cometh.

**<sup>20 </sup>Come now therefore, and let us slay him**, and cast him
into some pit, and we will say, Some evil beast hath devoured him: **and
we shall see what will become of his dreams.**

Genesis 37:18-20

**<sup>26 </sup>And Judah said unto his brethren, What profit is it if
we slay our brother, and conceal his blood?**

**<sup>27 </sup>Come, and let us sell him to the Ishmeelites, and let
not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother and our flesh. And his
brethren were content.**

Genesis 37:26-27

<sup>7 </sup>And the <span class="smallcaps">Lord</span> appeared unto
Abram, and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and there builded
he an altar unto the <span class="smallcaps">Lord</span>, who appeared
unto him.

Genesis 12:7

<sup>8 </sup>And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the
land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for an
everlasting possession; and I will be their God.

Genesis 17:8

Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for from the first day that thou
didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy
God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words.

But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty
days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I
remained there with the kings of Persia.

Daniel 10:12-13

Then said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will I
return to fight with the prince of Persia: and when I am gone forth, lo,
the prince of Grecia shall come.

Daniel 10:20

That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and
they took them wives of all which they chose.

Genesis 6:2

**<sup>3 </sup>**And Abram fell on his face: and God talked with him,
saying,

**<sup>4 </sup>**As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou
shalt be a father of many nations.

Genesis 17:3-4

**For thou art an holy people unto the Lord thy God: the Lord thy God
hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people
that are upon the face of the earth.**

Deuteronomy 7:6

**For thou hast confirmed to thyself thy people Israel to be a people
unto thee for ever: and thou, Lord, art become their God.**

2 Samuel 7:24

That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather
together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and
which are on earth; even in him:

**<sup>11 </sup>**In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being
predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things
after the counsel of his own will:

Ephesians 1:10-11

**<sup>14 </sup>**How much more shall the blood of Christ, who through
the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your
conscience from dead works to serve the living God?

**<sup>15 </sup>**And for this cause **he is the mediator of the new
testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the
transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are
called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance.**

Hebrews 9:14-15

Therefore **if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature**: old things
are passed away; behold, all things are become new.

2 Corinthians 5:17

**But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood**, an holy nation,
a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath
called you out of darkness into his marvellous light;

1 Peter 2:9

**Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that
by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature**, having escaped
the corruption that is in the world through lust.

2 Peter 1:4

God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in
him.

1 John 4:16b

**<u>Books</u>**

The Unseen Realm by Dr Michael S. Heiser.

<https://www.amazon.de/-/en/Michael-S-Heiser/dp/1683592719>
