Tiktok:
[<u>https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d)

Youtube:
[<u>https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d)

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/live.above.3d>

Facebook:
[<u>https://www.facebook.com/profile/100092339087423</u>](https://www.facebook.com/profile/100092339087423)

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d
[<u>https://twitter.com/live\_above\_3d</u>](https://twitter.com/live_above_3d)

Previous - Why did you create hell, God?
[**https://www.instagram.com/p/CuJlTsate4W/**](https://www.instagram.com/p/CuJlTsate4W/)

**Hello and, Welcome to: Live Above 3D**

Today, I will let you in on what the bible says about the nature of
our reality.

Dear Scientist

I know that by now you reasonably suspect that we live in a holographic
universe.

That you are just arriving at this conclusion befuddles me, especially
when the bible is quite clear on the matter.

I also know you do not care much about what the bible says.

However, since the bible noted that our universe is holographic, long
before humankind could imagine this, you should at least take a cue, or
2, from it.

Here are some cues about our holographic universe, as noted in the
bible:

Cue Number 1. This reality is a shadow of some other. Hebrews chapter 8
verses 4 and 5.

If our reality is a shadow of another, that other reality must be more
real than ours. If our reality is 3-dimensional, let us assume this
other reality is 4-dimensional.

Cue Number 2. Remember light casts shadows. Well, words are light. Psalm
chapter 119 verses 105 and 130.

Cue Number 3. Words convey faith. Romans chapter 10 verse 17. Faith is a
conviction based on 4-dimensional reality.

The bible refers to faith as the substance of things which are yet to be
cast from the fourth to the third dimension - Hebrews chapter 11 verse
1.

Summarily

When light falls on a 3-dimensional cube, it casts a 2-dimensional
shadow, that is: a square. When words fall on a 4-dimensional tesseract,
it casts a 3-dimensional cube.

Hmmm.

Remember how light, reasoned by the human brain, collapses the
probabilities of a particle, in the double slit experiment?

Well, words, just like light, can: reveal things. It can cast things to
a lower dimension. It can collapse the probabilities of things.

Jesus said: “anyone (not just Christians) using words based on
conviction from the fourth dimension, could control this reality, for
example: move physical mountains”. Mark chapter 11 verse 23.

Hmmm.

Remember how the bible says the universe was created in 6 days. Well,
the 4-dimensional universe was created in 6 days.

After the creation, light embarked on (and is still on) a billion-year
journey to reveal what God took 6 days to create.

Now you know.

Dear scientist, for clarity, here are the main cues from the bible:

Cue Number 1. This universe is a shadow or hologram of a more real one.

Cue Number 2. Words, just like light, can reveal things. It can collapse
the probabilities of things. It can cast things to a lower dimension.

Thanks for listening.

Bible verses

…there are priests that offer gifts according to the law: who serve unto
the example and shadow of heavenly things…

Hebrews 8:4,5

Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.

Psalm 119:105

So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.

Romans 10:17

Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things
not seen.

Hebrews 11: 1
