**<u>MASTERS SPEECH FOR SERVANTS \#002 – RESPONDING TO THE
SELF-RIGHTEOUS</u>**

Hello and welcome to Live Above 3D.

In today’s episode of “Master’s Speech for Servants” we respond to the
self-righteous.

Imagine this.

You preach grace.

A self-righteous Christian asks you if a thief or a masturbator could go
to heaven.

Here is what you should know.

They know you preach grace.

They want to show-case their righteousness, which Christians generally
understand better than grace.

Rather than use grace to disagree with self-righteousness, give
self-righteousness a full dose of righteousness.

For example.

When asked: “Pastor, do you mean that a thief or a masturbator could go
to heaven?”

Answer the following:

You say that stealing is a sin.

I tell you, even witnessing theft and doing nothing is a sin.

If you know a thieving leader and you do not speak up for fear, then you
are not only cowardly, but you are also afraid, which is a lack of faith
in God.

Is it not written that the destiny of the cowardly is the lake burning
with fire and Sulphur?

Is it not written that anything not of faith is sin?

You say that masturbation is a sin.

I tell you, seeing part of a woman’s breast is a sin.

How then shall you escape sin?

I tell you, unless you pluck out your eyes, the fiery lake of Sulphur is
beckoning.

This is the reason for the gospel: “that all have sinned and fallen
short of the glory of God.”

You have heard it said: “repent of your sin.”

Today, I tell you: “repent of your righteousness”.

Be holy, or you shall have your place in the fiery lake of Sulphur.

So, depend on God, totally. Depend on Christ.

Repent of your sin. Repent of your righteousness. I say repent.

Tiktok:
[<u>https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d)

Youtube:
[<u>https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d)

Facebook:
[<u>https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423</u>](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423)

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d
[<u>https://twitter.com/live\_above\_3d</u>](https://twitter.com/live_above_3d)

**<u>Bible Verses</u>**

But as for the cowards and unbelieving and abominable \[who are devoid
of character and personal integrity and practice or tolerate
immorality\] and murderers, and sorcerers \[with intoxicating drugs\],
and idolaters and occultists \[who practice and teach false religions\],
and all the liars \[who knowingly deceive and twist truth\], their part
will be in the lake that blazes with fire and brimstone, which is the
second death.

Revelation 21:8 (AMP)

But he who is uncertain \[about eating a particular thing\] is condemned
if he eats, because he is not acting from faith. Whatever is not from
faith is sin \[whatever is done with doubt is sinful\].

Romans 14:23 (AMP)

But I say to you that everyone who \[so much as\] looks at a woman with
lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart.

Mathew 5:28 (AMP)

since all have sinned and continually fall short of the glory of God.

Romans 3:23 (AMP)

and may be found in Him \[believing and relying on Him\], not having any
righteousness of my own derived from \[my obedience to\] the
Law *and* its rituals, but \[possessing\] that \[genuine righteousness\]
which comes through faith in Christ, the righteousness which comes from
God on the basis of faith

Philippians 3:9 (AMP)
