**\[FOCUS ON PRACTICALS\]**

**Welcome to: Live Above 3D**

**Today I will let you in on why there are so many unanswered prayers.**

Haven’t we heard it all?

Our prayers are not answered because God’s actions are random; or is it
Heaven’s requirements or bureaucracy – yeesh.

What about faith; how does that even work when all I want is: a good
job, or for my daughter to pass her final exams.

Then there’s righteousness and holiness.

So much to surmount just to get our prayers answered.

This series will change your life, so that your prayers get answered,
always.

We have minimized the theory and amplified the practical parts; such It
is doable.

It is a 4-part series, with each part about 3 minutes long. Here we go.
**\[MAKE THIS LONG\]**

**WOULD YOU MAKE ME WIN THE LOTTERY, GOD?**

**Welcome to: Live Above 3D**

**Today I will let you in on how heaven handles our prayers.**

Are our prayers filed in some heavenly cabinet?

Are they presented before some approver?

Are they presented immediately or is there a queue?

We hope to answer these questions and more.

In 1 John 5 verse 14, it is written: “And this is the confidence that we
have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth
us:”

This means that God does not hear every prayer.

Okay; what does it mean to ask according to God’s will?

Well; according to the bible, we need to:

One – Ask; see Matthew 7 verse 7 and James 1 verse 5.

Two – Ask in the name of Jesus; John 14 verse 13.

Three – Ask in faith; Mark 11 verse 24 and Hebrews 11

Four – Have patience; Hebrews 6 verse 12

Christians generally ask in the name of Jesus, so points 1 and 2 are
common practice.

Points 3 and 4, that is: faith and patience, require that we know the
will of God.

For example, it is clear to many Christians that we may not pray for the
rapture to happen today, as this is contrary to God’s word and faith is
based on God’s word.

What about praying to win the lottery? Is that according to God’s will?

The answer will surprise you. But it will be revealed at the end of this
video.

We have read, 1 John 5 verse 14, which says: “And this is the confidence
that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he
heareth us:”

And in verse 15 it says: “And if we know that he heareth us, whatsoever
we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him.”

This means that if he hears us, our prayers are answered.

If God answers prayers when he hears, why was Daniel’s prayer delayed
for 21 days in Daniel Chapter 10?

Well, see what the angel said to Daniel.

“Then he said to me, ‘Don’t be afraid, Daniel! For **from the first day
that you set your heart to understand and to humble yourself before your
God, your words were heard**. I have come because of your words…” Daniel
10:12

Daniels prayer was answered from the first day.

It took 21 days for Daniel to realize this, because at the time he was
not aware of happenings in the spirit realm, that is: the fourth
dimension.

Hmmm.

If our prayers are answered immediately, why don’t we see the answers?

This is because, God’s answers first materialize in the spirit realm;
the fourth dimension, which is more real than the third dimension.

For example, in Genesis Chapter 1, God spoke and materialized the earth
in the spirit realm.

Then, in Genesis Chapter 2, God caused the rain to fall on the earth,
after which plants grew for the first time in the physical realm.

This is how Christians should materialize the answers to their prayers.

It also exposes the steps from asking to receiving.

Step One – We ask.

Step Two – If God hears, he answers.

Step Three – We receive.

The third step is where many miss the mark; I mean, how do we receive
answers; that is: cause spiritual realities to materialize to this
physical world?

Faith is how we receive, and our next video has practical tips how to
receive by faith; its titled: “What’s all the fuss about faith, God?”.

What about praying to win the lottery? Is that according to God’s will?

Think about this.

You pray to win a 100-million-dollar lottery and heaven answers your
prayer, as it is God’s will that you prosper.

At this point, you need to grab your winning from heaven to earth and
this requires a show of faith, and in the case of money, faith is shown
by giving.

No wonder the bible in Luke 6 verse 38 says: “Give and it shall be given
unto you..”

If you are currently worth 10 thousand dollars, how much do you have to
give to prove that you really believe you have won a hundred million
dollars?

Be sincere to yourself.

Thanks for listening.

Love us, hate us, like us, follow us; do it now.

**WHAT’S ALL THE FUSS ABOUT FAITH, GOD?**

live.above.3d@gmail.com

Tiktok:
[<u>https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d)

Youtube:
[<u>https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d)

Facebook:
[<u>https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423</u>](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423)

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d
[<u>https://twitter.com/live\_above\_3d</u>](https://twitter.com/live_above_3d)

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D**

**Today, I will expose faith and thereafter show how to live by faith.**

Do you know that the Kingdom of God is legalistic?

The bible says that God is the judge - Isaiah 33 verse 22 and Psalm 96
verse 13.

Jesus is our advocate – 1st John 2 verse 1.

There is also a great cloud of witnesses – Hebrews 12 verse 1.

And faith is evidence – Hebrews 11 verse 1.

Meanwhile, Satan is the accuser – Revelation 12 verses 9 and 10 and
Zechariah 3 verse 1 to 7.

In legal systems on earth, evidence is tested by the opposing side, and
this is the practice in heaven.

Faith is evidence and Satan is our accuser; so, Satan tests our faith.

Do you know that many cannot hold on to spiritual truths when it is
tested by the adversary.

So, after praying for good health, you think that you must be healed and
start to throw away your drugs; then you are reminded how much they
cost, and you stop.

The adversary has proved your evidence of good health to be false and
the evidence is no longer admissible in court – your case for healing is
dismissed.

The important question is this: how do we get faith which withstands the
onslaught, the lies, of the devil?

The simple answer is to remain filled with the spirit, so that your
thinking will be dominated by truths from the spirit realm.

Colossians 3 verse 16 says: “let the word of Christ dwell in you
richly”.

Subsequently we are instructed to live in joy and thanksgiving, singing
spiritual songs with grace in our hearts.

This life of joy and thanksgiving is repeated in Ephesians 5 from verse
18, where we are told to remain filled with the spirit.

Many Christians have the word of Christ in them, but it is not rich
enough to produce joy and thanksgiving in the face of the devil’s
challenges.

Here is what you should do.

Remember that right where you are now, is the spirit realm; the fourth
dimension with: beings, truths, abandoned prayers, and laws.

Never behave like the physical is all there is, so maybe put up signs in
your home and office to echo this truth, till you get used to it.

There’s more.

Do you know that you tend to spend more time, with those with whom you
have meaningful dealings?

If you live and work in New York, while your parents live in New Jersey,
you may visit them one or more times a month.

However, if you own a restaurant with one branch in each of those
states, you may find yourself visiting New Jersey on most days.

The point is: plan your future in such a way that you need to constantly
interact with the spirit realm for progress.

If you are not sure how to do this, simply send an email to me, my
address is in this video’s description.

You will be surprised how fulfilling it is to constantly interact with
the truthful side of the spirit realm.

Our next video explains how righteous you need to be, for answered
prayers.

Thanks for listening.

Love us, hate us, like us, follow us - do it now.

**HOW RIGHTEOUS DO I HAVE TO BE FOR ANSWERED PRAYERS, GOD?**

live.above.3d@gmail.com

Tiktok:
[<u>https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d)

Youtube:
[<u>https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d)

Facebook:
[<u>https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423</u>](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423)

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d
[<u>https://twitter.com/live\_above\_3d</u>](https://twitter.com/live_above_3d)

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D**

**Today, I will let you in on how righteous you have to be for answered
prayers.**

Imagine you are overworked; your supervisor knows this and agrees to
give you 2 days of rest, but booked as sick leave - an obvious lie.

During those two days you find yourself praying for someone; would that
prayer be answered?

1st John 5 verses 14 and 15 tells us that answered prayers is based on
one thing – consistency with God’s will and I tell you, it’s not what
you think.

In Luke 8 from verse 26 to 39, the bible records the following events to
illustrate this point.

One of the Elohim was walking on water; one of his disciples asked Him:
“if it is you, ask me to come”, to which the Elohim answered: “come”.

Later, on land, some demons encountered the Elohim and realising who He
was, asked Him not to exact judgement, but rather send them into swine;
to which He answered “go”.

Rather than rejoice at the deliverance, the inhabitants asked the Elohim
(who was in human form) to leave their city, and He left.

As the Elohim (who is called the bright morning star) was leaving the
city, the man He had delivered from demon possession, asked to follow
him; to which the Elohim refused.

A disciple, unbelievers, even demons, all received their petition – So
much for righteousness.

How come the new convert’s prayer was declined?

Well, Jesus refused the request because He wanted the new convert to
preach to his, and surrounding cities – a wonderful reason to refuse the
request.

There will be that time that God does not answer prayers, but it will be
for good.

If you are sure a particular prayer has not been answered, simply ask
God why – he gives wisdom liberally and does not hold back.

A non-Christian could decide to pray to the Christian God and receive
answers.

In fact, this is how non-Christians become Christians, through the
prayer of salvation to God.

So, consistency with God’s will, not how righteous we think we are;
determines whether our prayers are answered.

This next statement summarizes everything.

The will of God is righteous.

What about James 4 verse 3 which says: **<sup>“</sup>**Ye ask, and
receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your
lusts”.

Notice that it is the asking that is amiss.

An example of a carnal request, that is: asking amiss, is asking God to
give you a good wife when you (being carnal) would make a bad husband.

Will God answering your prayer make someone else sad?

Rather than ask for a good wife, such a carnal person should ask God to
make him good husband material.

Once again, consistency with God’s will, not how righteous we think we
are; determines whether our prayers are answered.

In this video we have shown that it is possible for a carnal person to
ask aright; by that I mean make a heaven acceptable request.

In our previous video titled: “What’s all the fuss about faith, God”, we
showed that it is not possible for a carnal person to receive spiritual
answers.

In our next video titled: “Why so many unanswered prayers, God?” we will
gather all the practical ways to get your prayers answered.

Thanks for listening.

Love us, hate us, like us, follow us - do it now.

Bible verses:

Luke 8:26-39, Matthew 8:28-34, Mark 5:1-20

James 1:5

**FINAL PART: WHY SO MANY UNANSWERED PRAYERS GOD?**

Part 1: Would you make me win the lottery, God?

<https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d/video/7237003882172386587>

<https://youtu.be/onGMyq59lwk>

Part 2: What’s all the fuss about faith, God?

<https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d/video/7237376644787342618>

<https://youtu.be/PZcMAXUeKWA>

Part 3: How righteous do I have to be, God?

<https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d/video/7237492793373887770>

<https://youtu.be/H5-D5GdVdpU>

Background music by Loveworld Singers:
<https://loveworldworship.com/main/search?term=there+is+no+name>

Tiktok:
[<u>https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d)

Youtube:
[<u>https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d)

Facebook:
[<u>https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423</u>](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423)

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d <u><https://twitter.com/live_above_3d>  
</u>

**How to receive answers to your prayers.**

1.  Pray right.

2.  Change things.

3.  Do God’s business.

4.  Try other ways.

5.  Don’t give up.

**1 – Pray right**

An example of a wrong prayer is asking God to give you a good wife when
you would make a bad husband.

Will God answering your prayer make someone else sad?

Rather than ask for a good wife, you should ask God to make you good
husband material.

Here’s the idea:

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 49%" />
<col style="width: 50%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th><strong>Good</strong></th>
<th><strong>Better</strong></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>God make me rich</td>
<td>God use me to sponsor your good news</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>God make my boss promote me</td>
<td><p>God teach me excellence</p>
<p>and diligence.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>God heal me</td>
<td>I reject this sickness because Jesus did not suffer and die in
vain.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

**2 – Change things**

Some attended a particular church for many years while suffering the
same sickness.

It is madness to do the same thing repeatedly and expect a different
result.

Why not try some other church or pastor.

You don’t even have to change your church while doing this.

There are probably things that need to be changed, especially if you
have been in a specific negative condition for a long time.

Praying aright means asking God to help you identify and change those
areas of your life that need to change.

**3 – Do God’s business.**

Do you know that you tend to spend more time, with those with whom you
have meaningful dealings?

If you live and work in New York, while your parents live in New Jersey,
you may visit them one or more times a month.

However, if you own a restaurant with one branch in each of those
states, you may find yourself visiting New Jersey on most days.

The point is: plan your future in such a way that you need to constantly
interact with the spirit realm for progress.

The best way to achieve this is by doing God’s business.

If you find yourself not wanting to do God’s business, it is because you
think it is not profitable.

However, it is the only business that is guaranteed to profit your
spirit, soul and body in that order.

**4 – Try other ways**

There are many ways to get your prayers answered.

1.  Through the prayer of those who have more faith. Is any sick among
    you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray
    over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord: James 5:14

2.  Try tears

**5 – Never give up**

Thanks for listening.

Love us, hate us, like us, follow us - do it now.

Here are 2 testimonies

You have made the word of God of no power, through your traditions.

So mightily grew the word of God in Ephesus and prevailed.

First of all, there are different types of prayers.

This is a how to, so we will dwell on practicals.

Hmmm.

Say you pray for a good husband. What about the “good husband”? Does he
want you?

Will God answering that your prayer make someone else sad?

Okay, you hear me and change your prayer for God to make you a better
person for marriage.

This particular prayer involved another persons happiness. There are
other prayers that exit our area of influence. For example praying for
….

What stops us from immersing ourselves, from being continually filled
with the spirit?

Do you know that you tend to spend more time, with those with whom you
have profitable dealings?

Create meaningful dealings with God. We all know such dealings, inspired
by God, will definitely be profitable.

Rather than share hate, subversive text, mis or dis information, share
the truth in love.

join these 2 sections

An example of a carnal request, that is: asking amiss, is asking God to
give you a good wife when you (being carnal) would make a bad husband.

This is a selfish request because the good wife, has to bear the weight
of being married to you (a bad husband).

Rather than ask for a good wife, such a carnal person should ask God to
make him good husband material.

Some start by making carnal requests; that is asking amiss, time and
again.

After a while, they resign themselves to sincere requests like, God just
give me any husband or any job etcetera.

It is not God’s will to give you any husband; only married persons will
understand the true pitfall in that prayer.

It is God’s will to make you the best version of yourself, so that you
will marry a befitting husband.

The devil may make it seem that this path chosen by God takes time.

No – It takes only as long as it takes you to listen and respond to
spiritual truths.

join these 2 sections

From the human perspective, faith is the response of the human spirit to
the Word of God.

How can we respond to what we can’t perceive?

Jesus is the only way to heaven, but there are many ways to get your
prayers answered.

1.  Through faith in God.

2.  Through the prayer of those who have more faith.

3.  When the book of remembrance is open.

4.  Through tears.

Maybe I have missed one way, let me know in the comments section.

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D**

In our previous video titled: “Would you make me win the lottery, God?”;
we noted the steps from asking to receiving.

We also noted that heavens answers are spiritual, and many Christians do
not know how to materialize such answers to the physical realm.

**Today, I will expose faith and thereafter give doable tips on how to
live by faith.**

Do you know: - that you ask, is the faith required for your prayer to be
heard and answered.

For truly I tell you, **if you have faith the size of a mustard seed,
you will say** to this mountain… Mathew 17:20.

Would you command a mountain to move, right in front of your friends,
who would mock you when nothing happens?

There are things, for which we do not have the faith to ask – no
problem.

However, in our previous video, we showed that, for those things which
we ask; - that we ask, is the faith required for our prayer to be heard
and answered.

In that video titled: “Would you make me win the lottery, God?”; we also
showed that heaven’s answers are spiritual, and many Christians do not
know how to materialize such answers to the physical realm.

If you have faith, you will say.

Imagine a person with epilepsy falls in the middle of a busy street
convulsing and a crowd gathers while some first aid specialist tries to
handle the situation.

How many Christians will burst to the center, point to the epileptic
person, and say.

You need to be able to do this… that is the aim of this series.

You need to be able to burst to the center and say… “Devil of epilepsy,
leave him now, in Jesus’ name”, not: “Oh Lord God, help this man’s case”

The second prayer is not wrong. However, we are talking about faith
here.

Well, there is a fourth dimension, that is: the spirit realm and there
is a third dimension, that is: this physical world.

Angels, demons and other spiritual beings do not need faith because they
are right there in the fourth dimension.

Enoch walked in the fourth dimension to the extent that he ceased to be
present in this third dimension.

How is walking with God akin to walking in the fourth dimension?

Jesus said true worshipers, worship in spirit; and the spirit realm is
the fourth dimension.

Jesus also qualified what it means to worship in spirit, that is: to
worship in truth.

The truth about any situation is in the fourth dimension.

The bible says that faith is the substance of things, which are not yet
seen in this physical realm.

Those things, represent the truth as established in the fourth
dimension, for which we need to materialize to the physical by faith.

So, you pray to be healed; you still feel quite sick, yet the image of
yourself in health, sticks with you.

That image is sustained by the truth in the fourth dimension, expressed
by the word of God.

That is faith.

Do you know that many cannot hold on to the truth?

The reason is that our commitment to the truth is tested by the
adversary.

This is the way it works in courts all over the world, I mean, evidence
submitted by one party, is perused by the opposing party.

In our case, we have shown that devil is our accuser or adversary, and
so devil tests our evidence, that is: our faith.

So, after praying for good health, you think that you must be healed and
start to throw away your drugs; then you are reminded how much they
cost, and you stop.

The adversary has proved your evidence of good health to be false and
the evidence is no longer admissible in court.

The important question is this: how do we have faith which withstands
the onslaught, the lies of the devil?

The simple answer is that we need to increase our presence in the spirit
realm.

**Faith is spiritual substance – Hebrews 11: 1**

If you remember what faith is, then you will see why this is the key.

Doing things that only make sense from a spiritual standpoint, helps
increase our footprint in the fourth dimension, while decreasing it in
this.

Some of the activities which increase our faith are:

Speaking truth about the situation against all odds.

Praying in tongues, a language our mind does not understand.

Fasting, that is: denying ourselves of obvious physical needs.

Giving beyond our ability.

Stop – Wait; the problem is how to do these things.

Do you know that you tend to spend more time, with those with whom you
have profitable dealings?

Create meaningful dealings with God. We all know such dealings, inspired
by God, will definitely be profitable.

**Remain filled with the Spirit.**

In Colossians 3 from verse 16 we are told to live a life of joy, knowing
that we shall receive from the Lord the reward of inheritance.

Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and
admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing
with grace in your hearts to the Lord. And whatsoever ye do in word or
deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the
Father by him. And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and
not unto men; Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of
the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ.

Colossians 3:16,17,23,24

**<sup>18 </sup>**And be not drunk with wine, wherein is excess; but be
filled with the Spirit;

**<sup>19 </sup>**Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and
spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord;

**<sup>20 </sup>**Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the
Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ;

**<sup>21 </sup>**Submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of
God.

Ephesians 5:18-21

Faith is not a game, so if you are not persuaded that you are healed, do
no throw away your drugs.

It is the word of God which persuades, not the throwing away of the
drugs.

Doing things that only make sense from a spiritual standpoint helps
increase our presence in the fourth dimension, while decreasing our
presence in this.

Talk about faith being substance and about that substance being tested
as well as the legal equivalent of testing faith.

There is faith to pray, there is also faith to receive. Faith to receive
Is tested by the devil.

How do we have faith?

Faith cometh by hearing…

Okay this is where many have tried an failed. … the way their lives are
setup makes it impossible to have faith for anything meaningful.

Faith involves being aware of spiritual realities and responding to
them.

This is only achievable by immersing ourselves in information from that
realm, that is: the word of God.

What stops us from immersing ourselves, from being continually filled
with the spirit?

Do you know that you tend to spend more time, with those with whom you
have profitable dealings?

Create meaningful dealings with God. We all know such dealings, inspired
by God, will definitely be profitable.

XXXXX

Heaven is setup to answer our prayers.

This seems like a joke. I mean is heaven at our beck and call? Wrong. We
have to look from the right perspective. God is our father. Here is what
Jesus has to say about God’s fatherhood with respect to answers to
prayers.

10For everyone who asks receives; he who seeks finds; and to him who
knocks, the door will be opened. 11 What father among you, if his son
asks for a fish, will give him a snake instead? 12Or if he asks for an
egg, will give him a scorpion?

Luke 11:10-12

So if you who are evil know how to give good gifts to your children, how
much more will your Father in heaven give good things to those who ask
Him!

Matthew 7:11

I say again, heaven is setup to answer our prayers. When we ask and God
answers, we need to receive. However, this next truth often prevents
some Christians from receiving answers.

\[MAYBE MOVE THE NEXT PARTS TO THE RIGHTEOUSNESS SECTION\]

Doubt (not sin) hinders some from receiving answers.

A certain man was in jail for theft. Then, his lawyer took documents of
some land he inherited to the registry to file claims. The registry will
not say because the man is in jail, the land does not belong to him. The
mans presence in jail represents sin. Jail does not prevent the man from
claiming his inheritance.

So, sin does not prevent prayers one from claiming inheritance. What
about doubt?

Remember when the disciples of Jesus could not cast out a demon? Mathew
17:14-21, Mark 9:17-29 Jesus linked their inability to doubt. He then
went on to recommend prayer and fasting. This is truth number 6.

Prayer and fasting builds faith.

Prayer and fasting, builds your faith. It switches your focus from the
world to the Word of God. This is necessary because, faith is a
spiritual activity where you respond (against all odds and reason) to
the word of God.

For example, to the epileptic convulsing in the middle of the street,
the word of God says the solution is to cast out the devil. On the flip
side, reason and the odds are that you are an idiot if you try to do
this.

There are other things like health or a promotion, which Christians
generally have the faith to ask. Well in such cases, the answer is
immediate. However, to receive the answer, often requires patience.
Patience is the part that many Christians mis-understand. In Part 3 of
this series, we will dissect patience, in a way that will change your
mind and give you an edge towards having your prayers answered.

It is not the carnal Christians character, but their requests, that is
the problem.

Remember though, a carnal character makes it practically impossible to
receive by faith.

We are distinguishing here between asking and receiving.

You see, a righteous person can pray an unrighteous prayer, just like an
unrighteous person can pray a righteous prayer.

Don’t say your prayers are not answered because you are a sinner, rather
know they are not answered because you don’t understand the spirit
realm.

Also, we showed in our previous video title: “How does heaven treat our
prayers, God”, that if you are earthly minded, you can’t grab the
answers to your prayers, as they are in the spirit realm, that is: the
fourth dimension of faith.

In summary

Do you know: - that you ask, is the faith required for your prayer to be
heard and answered.

For truly I tell you, **if you have faith the size of a mustard seed,
you will say** to this mountain… Mathew 17:20.

Would you command a mountain to move, right in front of your friends,
who would mock you when nothing happens?

There are things, for which we do not have the faith to ask – no
problem.

However, in our previous video, we showed that, for those things which
we ask; - that we ask, is the faith required for our prayer to be heard
and answered.

In that video titled: “Would you make me win the lottery, God?”; we also
showed that heaven’s answers are spiritual, and many Christians do not
know how to materialize such answers to the physical realm.

If you have faith, you will say – That is the righteousness required to
have your prayers heard and answered.

However, you need faith to receive – That is the righteousness required
to receive answers to your prayers.

The faith to receive is tested by the devil.

**DO YOU RANDOMLY ANSWER PRAYERS, GOD? \[MAKE THIS A SEPARATE VIDEO\]**

Some would observe their lives and say: “You know what, God answers some
prayers. However, the criterion for answered prayers isn’t exactly
clear.”

Others, after gaining insight from the bible, say: “God does as he
pleases. So we cannot know if He will answer our prayers or not”

Here are some bible verses to buttress the second point:

But our God *is* in the heavens: he hath done whatsoever he hath
pleased. Psalm 115:13

For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and
I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion. Romans 9:15

So we know God does as He pleases. If God does as he pleases, then the
criterion for answered prayers isn’t exactly clear. Right?

Well… even though God does as he pleases, He is bound by his Word.

Once again, here are some bible verses to buttress the second point.

Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away. Mark
13:31

In Hebrews 6 verse 17 it is written: Wherein God, willing more
abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his
counsel…

I have read a number of time and also head preaching which uses the fact
that God does as He wills to justify some “randomness” in God’s actions.

However, the fact that God does His pleasure, does not mean that this
pleasure is random.

God’s pleasure does not contradict his counsel. In fact, in Isaiah 46
verse 10 God says: My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my
pleasure.

So, where is the confusion?

Even though God does as He pleases, it is still in line with His
counsel. This means that if God’s actions are a mystery to us, it is
because we don’t know His counsel/wisdom/will.

If you are ever confused about anything, it is not Heaven deliberately
being mysterious. Rather, it is a lack of knowledge on your part. To
that lack of knowledge, it is written in James 1 verse 5: If any of you
lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and
upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.

It’s quite clear right:

One - God does as He pleases.

Two - God’s pleasure is within His will.

Three - God desires to make available knowledge of His will to us.

So answered prayer shouldn’t be a mystery, right?

In this video, we have shown that how and when God answers prayers is
consistent with his counsel, His will, His wisdom.

In Part 2, we will dive into God’s counsel (of course His Word), to find
out how and when He answers prayers.

**Miscellaneous**

Prayers are like seeds, already manifested in heaven, but needing
watering of faith filled words and actions, to appear on earth.

Many, after asking, are not sure if God answered, and then forget – so
much fertile land, yet no harvest.

Hmmm.

Now that you know; Base your prayers on the truth of the bible, and
never - allow yourself think that God did not answer.

**<u>PART 3</u>**

\*Even as I speak to you, there are areas of your life protected by
fear.

\*Can a person ignorant of the happening in the spirit realm maintain
faith?

\*Every success without God is set to cause problems for you in the
future. These problems may not always seem obvious at first.
Notwithstanding, no matter the intricacies of your future problems, God
can always turn things out for your good.

This part is about patience. I call it persevering faith. It is needed
because faith will be tested. In legal systems on earth evidence is
tested by the opposing side. This is the practice in heaven. For
Christians, faith is evidence and Satan is our accuser. So Satan tests
our faith over time. To understand how Satan does this, here is a
parable.

A certain woman prayed to God for a red Lamborghini (you heard me right,
a red Lamborghini). She envisioned a benefactor, parking the red
Lamborghini in front of her house and dropping the keys and documents
transferring ownership under her foot mat. Her evidence for receiving
the Lamborghini was her faith in Christ, who also graciously was her
advocate.

The woman’s advocate (Christ) ensured that her prayer was answered.
However, immediately the answer was released, an accuser (Satan) filed a
motion challenging the authenticity of her evidence (faith).

By law, the judge (God) heard the motion challenging the woman’s
evidence (faith). During the hearing, the evidence (faith) presented by
the defendant (the woman) was to be scrutinized by the accuser (Satan).
The accuser asked for some time. 4 weeks was granted.

In the third week. Before the great cloud of witnesses, the woman who
had prayed for a red Lamborghini was seated in her house, when the
doorbell rang. This was a surprise to her because she was not expecting
anyone. She was not expecting a red Lamborghini either, for she did not
jump in excitement to peer through her windows expectantly. Rather, she
flippantly asked her son to get the door. At that moment, the accuser
cast doubt on the woman’s evidence (faith). Yet this was not enough to
nullify the answer to her prayer.

In the fourth week, the accuser moved again. This time there was stress
at the woman’s place of work, stress from her mother-in-law as well as
her husband and son. She was easily angered, just that week. She needed
to hear God’s word of assurance. Church was the place to be. However, in
church they were asked to pray for others. She sat there trying to pray,
while her mind roamed free. Then a call was made for members to give
towards buying a new car for the pastor. Her inner voice suggested that
she give her car, after all she was expecting a red Lamborghini, but she
quickly moved her thinking elsewhere.

Just like that, there would be no red Lamborghini, as there was no faith
to receive it.

Hear this:

-   The inheritance left by Christ is enough to give the woman the red
    Lamborghini.

-   The faith that made her ask for the red Lamborghini is that which is
    required to have God hear and answer her prayers.

-   The woman possessing her inheritance depends on the ability of her
    faith to withstand scrutiny.

-   Faith (evidence) is scrutinized by the accuser (Satan).

-   Stress, worry, anger, fear et al, constricts the supply of God.

Do you know, that if you know you have a red Lamborghini coming, you
should be able to release your car. The fact that it was to the pastor
in this case, is only a distraction. Remember, in Luke 6 verse 38 Jesus
says give, and you will be given.

That moment when she stopped expecting, is the proof the accuser needed.
That moment when her actions betrayed the fact that she was no longer
expecting. That moment when she toned down her expectation to
accommodate some other imagination, was what turned things.

Stress, worry, anger, fear et al, constricts the supply of God. For we
know that he who has recently won one hundred million dollars, will for
a season of high excitement be cut off from the petty angers of life.

The good news is that light from the bible is able to give us our
inheritance. I will focus on one such light – Joy.

In Colossians 3, we are told to live a life of joy, knowing that we
shall receive from the Lord the reward of inheritance.

Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and
admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing
with grace in your hearts to the Lord. And whatsoever ye do in word or
deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the
Father by him. And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and
not unto men; Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of
the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ. Colossians 3:16,17,23,24

Jesus said: Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall
receive, that your joy may be full. (John 16:24)

Therefore, with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation.
Isaiah 12:3

Is it possible to be sad the day you win a hundred-million-dollar
lottery? God is greater than winning the lottery. In his presence there
is fullness of joy. If you have no joy, you are not accessing His
presence. You know what to do!

Remember Abraham? He was strong in faith, doing what? giving glory to
God (Romans 4:20)

Now you know:

God answers prayers asked according to his will. However, some are
deceived into rejecting God’s answer.

**The good, the acceptable and the perfect**

Prayer can make you worry

There are different kinds of prayers and different ways to receive
answers.

Prayer for health

For self

For others

Prayer for wealth

Prayer to meet social needs (husband, child etc)

Prayer for another person

Young lady pray for a particular husband

Young lady pray for a good husband

Young lady pray to be a good wife

Mother pray for her son to come to God

Mother pray for her son to be successful

**THE END**

PS

If we ask according to our lusts, our prayer will not be answered James
4:3

If we abide in Christ and His words abide in use we will receive answers

You know yourself. When you desperately want to succeed you succeed. So
create a desperation… I will not say more.

With joy will you draw from the wells of salvation.

Psalms, hyms and spiritual songs.

The good thing is that someone else’s faith can work for you. Yep.

So Christians are part of a legalistic Kingdom and the laws in this
Kingdom is immutable.

How does this apply to prayers?

Here are some scriptures:

Philippians 4:6-7

Summary

We started by saying that if you know God’s counsel, then God’s ways
won’t be mysterious. In particular you will know his criteria for
answering prayers.

No we are tell you that his criteria for answering your prayer is that
you pray according to his counsel.

**Misc**

Some types of prayer

God give me John Uke as husband

God give me a good husband

God make me rich

God give me the contract for building the stadium

God heal me

Oh God help me.

An unbeliever who hears this prayer, could easily think God is wicked.
Particularly when what you are asking God is something every reasonable
father freely provides for their children. Things like shelter and
health.

If you made a terrible mistake, then cry oh God help me. That makes more
sense.

Questions

You don’t need to repeat the prayer again and again.

Thanks for listening.

Love us, hate us, like us, follow us; do it now.
