**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D.**

**Today I will let you in on how long it took for the universe to be
created.**

Scientific theories predicted that it would take many billions of years
to create a galaxy like the milky way.

However, the James Web Telescope has revealed 6 galaxies that exist half
a billion years after the big bang, that are up to 10 times bigger than
the milky way.

There should not be primordial galaxies that are bigger than the milky
way that are only half a billion years old.

Huston, we have a problem.

Dear Scientist,

I know the biblical account of creation is un-thinkable, as the evidence
that the universe is billions of years old, is irrefutable.

Consider that it is un-thinkable only because our mind pre-supposes
linear time and three-dimensional space.

However, there are more than three dimensions; and time does not exist
as we know it, in higher dimensions.

In Hebrews chapter 11 verse 3, the bible makes it clear that God created
this 3-dimensional reality from higher dimensional materials, which it
calls: “things which do not appear”.

At first thought, it may seem that things that are invisible are less
real than things that are visible; However, the bible says otherwise.

What then is this substance that is more real than 3-dimensional things?

Well, the bible says: faith is the substance of things.

This is not the faith you hear about. This faith is the conviction of
any being who is privy to and totally agrees with fourth dimensional
reality.

There’s more.

In the beginning, light was created with a specific speed, so that it
would take time to uncover or reveal the creation of God.

Since light was created, it has been on a billion-year journey to reveal
God’s creation. This is where we get the age of the universe.

This age of the universe must not be conflated with how long it took for
the universe to become.

This conflation has been torpedoed by the James Web Telescope.

Dear bible believing Christians,

The bible does not say how long it took God to create the universe. This
is because time does not apply in the fourth dimension, as we know it
here.

In Genesis chapter 1 verse 2 the bible states that the earth was without
form and void and covered in darkness.

Thereafter it took God 6 days to re-form the earth, complete with water
bodies, plants and animals etcetera.

Why are there 2 different accounts of creation in the bible.

This will be answered in our next video.

Thanks for listening.

Bible verses

..things which are seen are temporal; but the things which are not seen
are eternal.

2 Corinthians 4:18

Notes

For in **six** **days** the <span class="smallcaps">Lord</span> made the
heavens and the earth, the sea, and all that is in them, but he rested
on the seventh day. Therefore
the <span class="smallcaps">Lord</span> blessed the Sabbath day and made
it holy.

Exodus 20:11

It will be a sign between me and the Israelites forever, for
in **six** **days** the <span class="smallcaps">Lord</span> made the
heavens and the earth, and on the seventh day he rested and was
refreshed.’”

Exodus 31:17
