<live.above.3d@gmail.com>

**<u>Knowledge vs Revelation – who wins?</u>**

A Scientist, who happens to be a Christian, was asked the following
question.

Why do you choose to worship a God, who did not want humankind to have
knowledge; that is did not want humankind to eat the fruit of the tree
of knowledge.

The question makes it seem like God is against humankind having
knowledge.

Let’s explore this reasoning together.

I will first show that, it was humanely reasonable and just, for God to
forbid humankind from eating the fruit of the tree of knowledge.

Thereafter, I will let you in on why God instructed Adam not to eat the
fruit.

We have 2 points to illuminate.

Point number One.

Remember man is created in the image of God.

This means that our behavior often mirrors that of God.

Do humans allow every person to have all the knowledge they want? No!

Did that answer surprise you? Well, think of children.

We regulate children’s access to the internet.

Most parents agree that a 5-year-old child, has nothing to do with the
internet.

Many apply the same restriction to 10-year-old children, even though at
that age children easily master the use of digital devices.

What this means is that authority over you, authority like parents and
government, generally regulate how much knowledge you may be exposed to
at various stages of your development.

God decided which knowledge Adam may have access to, just like parents
and the government decide which knowledge a child may have access to.

We can thus say that it was humanely reasonable and just, for God to
forbid humankind from eating the fruit of the tree of knowledge.

But why forbid humankind? Point number Two.

Did you know that there is knowledge, which if you grasp, bestows
responsibility on you? This kind of knowledge arms you, thereby making
you responsible.

For example, if you are a policeman, you may not watch unconcerned while
a burglary is in progress.

Knowledge that bestows responsibility, is that which God did not want
Adam to have, at the time. The bible refers to this knowledge as: “the
knowledge of good and evil”.

The question we need to ask ourselves is: Has humankind been able to
adequately fulfill our responsibility to our kind and the entire earth?
Be honest.

Now you see why God did not want Adam to eat from the tree of knowledge
of good and evil.

Yet there’s more.

Before they ate the forbidden fruit, Adam and Eve operated through
revelation. Revelation is knowledge emanating from a creator.

There are things which may never be successfully understood without the
intent of their creator, designer, author, sculptor, artist, and so on.

Consider this. You stand before a painting at an art gallery and tell
your friends that the painting portrays the freedom to do anything.

A voice from behind you gently corrects you, by stating that the
painting portrays the wisdom in seeking truth.

However, because the owner of the voice, who happens to be a woman of
color, does not conform to your idea of an artist, you sneer and move
on.

Don’t be that way.

Whatever you choose to hear, remember this: revelation trumps knowledge,
where there is a creator.

Here are 4 statements that describe the state of things.

Humankind through Adam took sole responsibility for the earth.

Yet many blame God for the evil we see.

God, through Christ, fulfilled the responsibility for saving humankind.

Yet many reject His offer of rescue.

If you have not accepted God’s offer, here is one more opportunity for
you to understand his offer.

There is a kingdom done right, and anyone could become a citizen.
Citizens are eligible to live forever as our creator originally planned.

This is as serious as it gets, and time is running out.

If you are not yet a citizen, please contact me. My email is specified.

God bless you.
