**Welcome to: Live Above 3D**

**Here’s a question for you.**

**How Does Heaven handle Our Prayers?**

One of the Elohim was walking on water, a disciple asked Him, “if it is
you, ask me to come”. The Elohim answered “come”. Later, on land, some
demons encountered the Elohim and realising who He was, asked him not to
exact judgement but rather send them into swine. Again, the Elohim
answered “go”. Soon afterwards, the inhabitants asked the Elohim to
leave their city (for he was in human form). The, Elohim, left. As the
Elohim (who is called the bright morning star) was leaving the city, a
man He had delivered from demon possession, asked to follow him. The
Elohim refused this last request.

A disciple

demons

unbeliever

All received their petitions.

A new convert whereas was not granted his petition. What then is the
criteria for answered prayers?

Well, at least we know that answered prayers is not based on how holy
(we think) we are. Demons and unbelievers are not holy or righteous, yet
their prayers were answered. As for the new convert his prayer was not
answered because Jesus had something better for him.

However, you are here because you want to understand why some of your
prayers have not been answered. Unlike the new convert, you have not
seen something better come out of your prayer request.

It’s either your prayers were not answered or they are stuck in some
heavenly bureaucracy.

So, are there some conditions that need to be met for our prayers to be
answered? How much faith do we need for answered prayers.

It is important we understand, what goes on “in the spirit realm” when
we ask. I mean, are our prayers filed in some heavenly cabinet? Are they
presented before some approver? Are they presented immediately or is
there a queue?

We hope to answer these questions and more.

*\[DISPLAY LOGO\] – Maybe some beautiful images and/or the questions to
be answered.*

**How does heaven handle our prayers?**

-   Some would observe their lives and say: “You know what, God answers
    some prayers. However, the criterion for answered prayers isn’t
    exactly clear.”

-   Others, after gaining insight from the bible, say: “God does as he
    pleases. So we cannot know if He will answer our prayers or not”

Here are some bible verses to buttress the second point:

-   But our God *is* in the heavens: he hath done whatsoever he hath
    pleased. Psalm 115:13

-   For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy,
    and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion. Romans
    9:15

So we know God does as He pleases. If God does as he pleases, then the
criterion for answered prayers isn’t exactly clear. Right?

Well… even though God does as he pleases, He is bound by his Word.

Once again, here are some bible verses to buttress the second point.

Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away. Mark
13:31

In Hebrews 6 verse 17 it is written: Wherein God, willing more
abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his
counsel…

I have read a number of time and also head preaching which uses the fact
that God does as He wills to justify some “randomness” in God’s actions.

However, the fact that God does His pleasure, does not mean that this
pleasure is random.

God’s pleasure does not contradict his counsel. In fact, in Isaiah 46
verse 10 God says: My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my
pleasure.

So, where is the confusion?

Even though God does as He pleases, it is still in line with His
counsel. This means that if God’s actions are a mystery to us, it is
because we don’t know His counsel/wisdom/will.

If you are ever confused about anything, it is not Heaven deliberately
being mysterious. Rather, it is a lack of knowledge on your part. To
that lack of knowledge, it is written in James 1 verse 5: If any of you
lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and
upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.

It’s quite clear right:

1\. God does as He pleases.

2\. God’s pleasure is within His will.

3\. God desires to make available knowledge of His will to us.

So answered prayer shouldn’t be a mystery, right?

Why was the prayer of the new convert not answered by Jesus? The Bible
has answers:

The story is in Luke 8:26-39, Matthew 8:28-34, Mark 5:1-20

Notice that Jesus did not allow the new convert to follow Him as
requested, because Jesus the new convert to remain and preach in that
area.

There will be that time that God does not answer prayers, but it will be
for good. This good will not be hidden from you. You will know.

In this video, we have shown that how and when God answers prayers is
consistent with his counsel/will/wisdom. In Part 2, we will dive into
God’s counsel (of course His Word), to find out how and when He answers
prayers.

Thank you.

**<u>PART 2</u>**

**Welcome to live above 3 D. This is a series titled: does God answer
prayers?**

In part 1, we showed that the way God answers prayers is consistent with
this will. Today we look at God’s will, to understand how and when He
answers prayers.

In 1 John 5 verses 14 and 15 It is written:

And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any
thing according to his will, he heareth us: And if we know that he hear
us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we
desired of him.

1.  **God does not hear every prayer.**

if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us.

Note that it is the asking that has to be according to His will.

1.  **Any prayer (which God hears) is answered immediately.**

-   If he hears us, we have

-   Not if he hears us, we will have

-   Or if he hears us, he will consider our prayers for answers.

So why was Daniel’s prayer delayed for 21 days in Daniel 10.

“Then he said to me, ‘Don’t be afraid, Daniel! For from the first day
that you set your heart to understand and to humble yourself before your
God, your words were heard. I have come because of your words…” Daniel
10:12

Daniel’s prayer was heard, and the answer released immediately Daniel
prayed.

Recall that God hears and answers prayers asked according to his will.
How do we ask according to God’s will?

-   Ask – Matthew 7:7, James 1:5

-   In the name of Jesus – John 14:13

-   In faith – Matthew 21:22, 31:22, Mark 11:24, James 1:5-6, Ephesians
    3:12

-   With patience. (Luke 18:1–8)

Christians generally ask in the name of Jesus. However, there is often
difficulty in understanding the faith and patience part. Much has been
preached about faith, yet this good work is never done, at least till
Jesus finishes it at the end of days. (Hebrews 12:2)

This next teaching on faith will change your life forever, in Jesus’
name.

1.  **That you ask, is the faith required for your prayer to be heard
    and answered.**

For truly I tell you, **if you have faith the size of a mustard seed,
you will say** to this mountain… Mathew 17:20.

If you have faith, you will say

Imagine a person with epilepsy falls in the middle of a busy street
convulsing. A crowd gathers and some medical person tries to handle the
situation. How many Christians will burst to the center, point to the
epileptic person and say..

You need to be able to do this… that is the aim of this series.

You need to be able to burst to the center and say… “Devil of epilepsy,
leave him now, in Jesus’ name”, not: “Oh Lord God, help this man’s case”

The second prayer is not wrong. However, we are talking about faith
here.

We will expose more light from the Bible, which positions you to have
faith to say…:

Truth number 4.

1.  **The Kingdom of God is legalistic**

-   God is the judge - Isaiah 33:22, Psalm 96:13, Hebrews 4:13,
    Revelation 20:11-12

-   Jesus is our advocate – 1 John 2:1,

-   There is a great cloud of witnesses – Hebrews 12:1

-   Evidence is faith – Hebrews 11:1

-   Satan is the accuser – Revelation 12:10, Zechariah 3:1-7

There are also legal basis for answered prayers. We will list just 2
foundational aspects here:

-   Ownership - Heaven and earth belongs to God. Psalm 89:11, Psalm
    115:16

-   Inheritance - The earth is given to us for an inheritance. Ephesians
    1:11, 1 Peter 1:3,4

Heaven is setup to answer our prayers.

This seems like a joke. I mean is heaven at our beck and call? Wrong. We
have to look from the right perspective. God is our father. Here is what
Jesus has to say about God’s fatherhood with respect to answers to
prayers.

10For everyone who asks receives; he who seeks finds; and to him who
knocks, the door will be opened. 11 What father among you, if his son
asks for a fish, will give him a snake instead? 12Or if he asks for an
egg, will give him a scorpion?

Luke 11:10-12

So if you who are evil know how to give good gifts to your children, how
much more will your Father in heaven give good things to those who ask
Him!

Matthew 7:11

I say again, heaven is setup to answer our prayers. When we ask and God
answers, we need to receive. However, this next truth often prevents
some Christians from receiving answers.

1.  **Doubt (not sin) hinders some from receiving answers.**

A certain man was in jail for theft. Then, his lawyer took documents of
some land he inherited to the registry to file claims. The registry will
not say because the man is in jail, the land does not belong to him. The
mans presence in jail represents sin. Jail does not prevent the man from
claiming his inheritance.

So, sin does not prevent prayers one from claiming inheritance. What
about doubt?

Remember when the disciples of Jesus could not cast out a demon? Mathew
17:14-21, Mark 9:17-29 Jesus linked their inability to doubt. He then
went on to recommend prayer and fasting. This is truth number 6.

1.  **Prayer and fasting builds faith.**

Prayer and fasting, builds your faith. It switches your focus from the
world to the Word of God. This is necessary because, faith is a
spiritual activity where you respond (against all odds and reason) to
the word of God.

For example, to the epileptic convulsing in the middle of the street,
the word of God says the solution is to cast out the devil. On the flip
side, reason and the odds are that you are an idiot if you try to do
this.

There are other things like health or a promotion, which Christians
generally have the faith to ask. Well in such cases, the answer is
immediate. However, to receive the answer, often requires patience.
Patience is the part that many Christians mis-understand. In Part 3 of
this series, we will dissect patience, in a way that will change your
mind and give you an edge towards having your prayers answered.

**<u>PART 3</u>**

\*Even as I speak to you, there are areas of your life protected by
fear.

\*Can a person ignorant of the happening in the spirit realm maintain
faith?

\*Every success without God is set to cause problems for you in the
future. These problems may not always seem obvious at first.
Notwithstanding, no matter the intricacies of your future problems, God
can always turn things out for your good.

This part is about patience. I call it persevering faith. It is needed
because faith will be tested. In legal systems on earth evidence is
tested by the opposing side. This is the practice in heaven. For
Christians, faith is evidence and Satan is our accuser. So Satan tests
our faith over time. To understand how Satan does this, here is a
parable.

A certain woman prayed to God for a red Lamborghini (you heard me right,
a red Lamborghini). She envisioned a benefactor, parking the red
Lamborghini in front of her house and dropping the keys and documents
transferring ownership under her foot mat. Her evidence for receiving
the Lamborghini was her faith in Christ, who also graciously was her
advocate.

The woman’s advocate (Christ) ensured that her prayer was answered.
However, immediately the answer was released, an accuser (Satan) filed a
motion challenging the authenticity of her evidence (faith).

By law, the judge (God) heard the motion challenging the woman’s
evidence (faith). During the hearing, the evidence (faith) presented by
the defendant (the woman) was to be scrutinized by the accuser (Satan).
The accuser asked for some time. 4 weeks was granted.

In the third week. Before the great cloud of witnesses, the woman who
had prayed for a red Lamborghini was seated in her house, when the
doorbell rang. This was a surprise to her because she was not expecting
anyone. She was not expecting a red Lamborghini either, for she did not
jump in excitement to peer through her windows expectantly. Rather, she
flippantly asked her son to get the door. At that moment, the accuser
cast doubt on the woman’s evidence (faith). Yet this was not enough to
nullify the answer to her prayer.

In the fourth week, the accuser moved again. This time there was stress
at the woman’s place of work, stress from her mother-in-law as well as
her husband and son. She was easily angered, just that week. She needed
to hear God’s word of assurance. Church was the place to be. However, in
church they were asked to pray for others. She sat there trying to pray,
while her mind roamed free. Then a call was made for members to give
towards buying a new car for the pastor. Her inner voice suggested that
she give her car, after all she was expecting a red Lamborghini, but she
quickly moved her thinking elsewhere.

Just like that, there would be no red Lamborghini, as there was no faith
to receive it.

Hear this:

-   The inheritance left by Christ is enough to give the woman the red
    Lamborghini.

-   The faith that made her ask for the red Lamborghini is that which is
    required to have God hear and answer her prayers.

-   The woman possessing her inheritance depends on the ability of her
    faith to withstand scrutiny.

-   Faith (evidence) is scrutinized by the accuser (Satan).

-   Stress, worry, anger, fear et al, constricts the supply of God.

Do you know, that if you know you have a red Lamborghini coming, you
should be able to release your car. The fact that it was to the pastor
in this case, is only a distraction. Remember, in Luke 6 verse 38 Jesus
says give, and you will be given.

That moment when she stopped expecting, is the proof the accuser needed.
That moment when her actions betrayed the fact that she was no longer
expecting. That moment when she toned down her expectation to
accommodate some other imagination, was what turned things.

Stress, worry, anger, fear et al, constricts the supply of God. For we
know that he who has recently won one hundred million dollars, will for
a season of high excitement be cut off from the petty angers of life.

The good news is that light from the bible is able to give us our
inheritance. I will focus on one such light – Joy.

In Colossians 3, we are told to live a life of joy, knowing that we
shall receive from the Lord the reward of inheritance.

Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and
admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing
with grace in your hearts to the Lord. And whatsoever ye do in word or
deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God and the
Father by him. And whatsoever ye do, do it heartily, as to the Lord, and
not unto men; Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of
the inheritance: for ye serve the Lord Christ. Colossians 3:16,17,23,24

Jesus said: Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall
receive, that your joy may be full. (John 16:24)

Therefore, with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation.
Isaiah 12:3

Is it possible to be sad the day you win a hundred-million-dollar
lottery? God is greater than winning the lottery. In his presence there
is fullness of joy. If you have no joy, you are not accessing His
presence. You know what to do!

Remember Abraham? He was strong in faith, doing what? giving glory to
God (Romans 4:20)

Now you know:

God answers prayers asked according to his will. However, some are
deceived into rejecting God’s answer.

**The good, the acceptable and the perfect**

Prayer can make you worry

There are different kinds of prayers and different ways to receive
answers.

Prayer for health

For self

For others

Prayer for wealth

Prayer to meet social needs (husband, child etc)

Prayer for another person

Young lady pray for a particular husband

Young lady pray for a good husband

Young lady pray to be a good wife

Mother pray for her son to come to God

Mother pray for her son to be successful

**THE END**

PS

If we ask according to our lusts, our prayer will not be answered James
4:3

If we abide in Christ and His words abide in use we will receive answers

You know yourself. When you desperately want to succeed you succeed. So
create a desperation… I will not say more.

With joy will you draw from the wells of salvation.

Psalms, hyms and spiritual songs.

The good thing is that someone else’s faith can work for you. Yep.

So Christians are part of a legalistic Kingdom and the laws in this
Kingdom is immutable.

How does this apply to prayers?

Here are some scriptures:

Philippians 4:6-7

Summary

We started by saying that if you know God’s counsel, then God’s ways
won’t be mysterious. In particular you will know his criteria for
answering prayers.

No we are tell you that his criteria for answering your prayer is that
you pray according to his counsel.

**Misc**

Some types of prayer

God give me John Uke as husband

God give me a good husband

God make me rich

God give me the contract for building the stadium

God heal me

Oh God help me.

An unbeliever who hears this prayer, could easily think God is wicked.
Particularly when what you are asking God is something every reasonable
father freely provides for their children. Things like shelter and
health.

If you made a terrible mistake, then cry oh God help me. That makes more
sense.

Questions

You don’t need to repeat the prayer again and again.
