Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D

Today, I will let you in on the 2 contrary accounts of creation in the
Bible.

In Genesis chapter 1, plants and animals were created before man.

However, in Genesis chapter 2 man was created before plant and animals.

Why the mix-up?

This question has plagued Christians and has been used to justify the
in-accuracy of the bible.

However, this question, like many confusing spiritual topics presupposes
that there are only 3 dimensions.

The realm of the spirit is the fourth dimension, and the bible says it
is more real than the third dimension.

Creation in Genesis Chapter 1 is done in the fourth dimension, that is:
the spirit realm.

This is why it is done by words, and in particular, repeatedly by the
words: “God said, let…”

Please read through Genesis Chapter 1 and see for yourself. There is a
link in this video’s YouTube description.

On the other hand, creation in Genesis Chapter 2 is done in the third
dimension, that is: the physical world.

In this case it involved forming, breathing life, planting, and causing
rain to fall; etcetera.

In fact, Genesis Chapter 2 verse 5 outlines what happened that led to
plants growing.

These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were
created, in the day that the <span class="smallcaps">Lord</span> God
made the earth and the heavens, and **every plant of the field before it
was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for
the <span class="smallcaps">Lord</span> God had not caused it to rain
upon the earth**, and there was not a man to till the ground.

Genesis 2:4,5

In summary, the real plants existed in the fourth dimension, but needed
rain, before they could manifest; that is: grow in the third dimension.

This is like reserving a hotel room, which happens instantaneously.

However, payment must be made before the room is actualized.

During creation, the rain was the payment for actualizing plants in the
third dimension.

This is also the case when Christians pray in faith. Our prayers are
immediately granted form in the fourth dimension.

The tricky part is getting the fourth dimensional form to manifest in
this dimension; and this is where many Christians fail.

This should not be the case.

Here are 3 sentences to help our understanding.

Words are light. Psalm 119 verse 105.

Light falls on a 3-dimensional cube to reveal its 2-dimensional shadow.

Faith filled words fall on a 4-dimensional tesseract, to reveal its
3-dimensional shadow and this 3-dimensional shadow is our reality.

Hmmm.

Permit me once again, to say that this reality is a shadow, an image, a
hologram if you will, of the real thing.

Let me know what you think, in the comments section.

Thanks for listening.

Love us, hate us, like us, follow us; do it now.
