![cover photo](../cover.jpg "cover photo")

Some have claimed that there are multiple alien races on earth today.

What they won’t tell you is how love influenced which alien race humans
chose to partner with.

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D.**

The following may or may not have happened.

Four alien races have approached earth.

They announced that they have an offer for humans.

Each alien race offered humans a life without poverty, war, sickness and
all the problems we currently face.

Our leaders were excited and began detailed talks with the aliens.

Alien races 1 and 2 each say their offer is optional.

On the other hand, alien races 3 and 4 each say that their offer is
exclusive, and we must accept only one offer.

In fact, race 3 and 4 each claim that humankind would suffer great
misery if we accept any offer other than theirs.

Some of our leaders observed that the manner of approach of alien race 1
and 2 was more friendly.

However, others noted that rejecting either race 1 or 2 had no downside.

The deliberations lasted many years and governments.

In early 2012, our leaders decided that it was better to accept either
race 3 or 4.

The question thereafter was which of the two races should humans accept.

This was very important because either race made it clear that rejection
meant war and misery for humans.

On 14 February 2023, our leaders decided on race 4.

The details are sketchy but here is the alleged reasoning.

Both race 3 and 4 seemed to be able to advance humans by a lot.

On the flip side, rejecting either race 3 or 4 would lead to misery for
humankind.

Despite the similarities between races 3 and 4, one thing set race 4
apart.

Covid-19 was alleged to be inspired by one of the four alien races.

How it was done, is beyond today’s scope.

However, each of the races claimed to be innocent.

Then, the leader of race 4 did something unique.

The leader of alien race 4 dissolved their avatar on this plane.

An avatar is an icon or figure representing a particular person.

Aliens use avatars so that they can avoid the long distance and hazards
of space travel.

By dissolving their Avatar, the leader of race 4 could exist as a higher
dimensional, transcending time and space.

The leader was then able to see the cause of covid and the best way to
solve it.

I don’t know the exact way they did it, but it had to do with
manipulating the timeline so that covid-19 became not much stronger than
the flu.

This sacrifice saved humankind. However, it was at the cost of the
influence of the leader of alien race 4.

This set alien race 4 apart from the others.

This is why our leaders chose alien race 4 and are set to announce the
existence of aliens in the coming months.

The agent who told me this story summed their decision up this way:

When choosing a superior, choose one who loves (or sacrifices) over one
who is qualified.

When choosing a subordinate choose one which submits (or is loyal) over
one who is qualified.

Here is wisdom.

The four alien races are different types of religions.

Types 1 and 2 are religions which are optional. There is no downside to
rejecting these religions.

Types 3 and 4 are religions which are not optional. These religions
often have a concept of hell or some form of eternal punishment for
non-faithfuls.

Also, both types 3 and 4 explain this punishment as the result of a just
God.

However, only type 4’s God lovingly helps humans evade punishment
through sacrifice.

Which do you think your religion is?

Let me know in the comment section.

Happy valentine’s day and **thanks for listening.**

**Share this with someone who needs to know. Follow us to learn more.**

**<u>LEARN MORE</u>**

Website: <http://liveabove3d.com>

Youtube:
[<u>https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d)

Tiktok:
[<u>https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d</u>](https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d)

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d
[<u>https://twitter.com/live\_above\_3d</u>](https://twitter.com/live_above_3d)

Reddit: live-above-3d <https://www.reddit.com/user/live-above-3d>

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/live.above.3d/>

Facebook:
[<u>https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423</u>](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100092339087423)
