**<u>NOT THE ANTICHRIST YOU EXPECTED</u>**

Tiktok: <https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d>

Youtube: <https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d>

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/live.above.3d>

Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/profile/100092339087423>

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d <https://twitter.com/live_above_3d>

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D.**

Most end times preachers believe the antichrist is alive today.

Here are the top 10 persons of interest.

Number 10 – Barack Obama.

A lot of right-wing preachers believe he is or has something to do with
the antichrist.

To make matters worse he won the noble price for peace.

However, he does not have the required influence anymore and this brings
us to the next.

Number 9 – Klaus Schwab.

He is the founder of the World Economic forum and is in bed with the
powers to build a better world: (wink).

Rather than be the Antichrist, he is more likely to advise the
Antichrist on economic matters.

He even has a henchman and advisor, which is our next candidate.

Number 8 – Yuval Noah Harari.

He is an Israeli author, public intellectual, historian, and professor.

He is becoming popular on the left - speaking vain things, talking down
God and talking up mankind.

However, he does not have the required influence, like our next
candidate.

Number 7 – Donald Trump.

He is the most influential in America and second most influential on
this list.

No wonder he agreed that:- “Jews love him like he is the king of Israel”
and:- “like he is the second coming of God”.

He has roots from the Roman empire (through Germany) and no one speaks
vain things like him.

He also has a wonder kid, which is our next.

Number 6 – Jared Kushner.

He started the current peace process in the middle east.

He is believed by Trump to be one of the few people who can achieve
peace.

He owns the building on six six six 5th avenue in New York – like trying
desperately to please or be the Antichrist.

Number 5 – Erdogan.

He has been praised as the head of a new Islamic caliphate by his
supporters.

He has roots from the roman empire - as the capital of the eastern roman
empire was in Turkey.

However, his influence has fallen in recent years, unlike our next
candidate.

Number 4 – Mohammed bin Salman.

He has also been praised as the head of a new Islamic caliphate by his
supporters.

He has the money, the youth and the guts.

His influence is rising sharply.

Number 3 – Pope Francis.

Tom Horn and Chris Putnam foretold his predecessor’s resignation to give
way to the last pope:- him.

The bible clearly describes the papacy in bed with the powers of the
world.

After the previous pope resigned, lightning struck the Vatican’s St
Peter’s Basilica.

As if that was not weird enough, two white birds released as a sign of
peace by children standing by Pope Francis were attacked by other birds.

Number 2 – King Charles.

There is an entire book by Tim Cohen with much evidence of him being the
Antichrist. It is titled: “The Antichrist and a cup of tea”.

He champions the agenda 2030 by the United Nations.

He offered himself to lead the EU – like he actually wants to be the
Antichrist.

Number 1 – Putin.

He has the power, the guts and the influence.

His influence extends to right wing America and through that the world.

Many biblical scholars equate Gog, land of Magog in Ezekiel’s prophecies
with Russia, which will attack Israel from the far north.

He is prophesied to fire nuclear weapons on USA, UK and France to
catapult Russia to instant world dominance.

**Thanks for listening.**

**Love us, hate us, like us, follow us; do it now.**

**<u>Books</u>**

Petrus Romanus: The final pope is here.
<https://www.amazon.com/Petrus-Romanus-Final-Pope-Here/dp/0984825614>

The Antichrist and a cup of tea.
<https://www.amazon.de/-/en/Tim-Cohen/dp/0966279301>

**<u>Bible Verses</u>**

Revelation 17:1-9
<https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Revelation+17%3A1-9&version=KJV>

Ezekiel 38:15-18
<https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Ezekiel+38%3A15-18&version=KJV>

**<u>Links</u>**

<https://youtu.be/65V3zUqk3Hg>

<https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d/video/7300858668017339681>
