If you wanted to take over the world today, which 3 nations would you
uproot?

**Hello, and welcome to: Live Above 3D (<live.above.3d@gmail.com>)**

Today I will explain how the roman empire could be revived.

The bible records that the roman empire will be revived on 3 other
nations being uprooted.

Hmmm. Which 3 nations do you think could be uprooted?

The word uproot is quite powerful, and I believe it suggests swift or
sweeping defeat.

Did you know that the roman empire has previously been revived by
uprooting others?

From AD 533 to 553, the eastern roman emperor at Constantinople uprooted
3 powerful barbarian tribes to establish the Papacy in Italy.

The 3 tribes: the Ostrogoths, Vandals and Heruli, were absorbed by the
roman empire after their defeats.

Today, such sweeping defeat, especially against another developed or
determined nation, is quite difficult without nuclear weapons.

In fact, the last time a determined nation was swiftly defeated, was
when the United States bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki with nuclear
weapons, thereby forcing Japan to surrender.

This is how 3 countries could be uprooted.

Nine countries have nuclear weapons.

Israel is one of the nine countries. Of the remaining eight:

Four nuclear powers are pro-Israel namely: United States, United
Kingdom, France and India.

Four nuclear powers are anti-Israel namely: Russia, China, Pakistan and
North Korea.

One of the remaining 5 nuclear powers will likely uproot 3 pro-Israel
nations.

Of the four pro-Israel nations: United States, United kingdom, France
and India, which 3 do you think are likely to get attacked?

Haa haa. Here’s a second question for you: Which nation will uproot 3
others?

And here is a hint.

Russia, Turkey and the Vatican all lay some claim to the roman empire.

Also, Nazi Germany wanted to be seen as continuing the roman empire.

In fact, Hitler’s title of Kaiser comes from the Roman emperor’s title
of Caesar.

Today, Germany is at the center of the European Union, which includes
former lands of the soon-to-be revived roman empire.

So; connect the nuclear, the Israeli and the roman angles, then see if
you can answer our 2 questions:

Which 3 nations will be uprooted, and which nation will uproot the 3.

Let me know what you think in the comment section.

Before we go.

Speaking of kingdoms, did you know that the God of Abraham, Isaac and
Jacob is inviting all humans into a new Kingdom?

Those who accept to be part of this Kingdom, become a new race of
beings.

In various places the bible calls this new race: “new creature”,
“royal”, “priests” and “partakers of the divine nature”.

Jesus Christ is the mediator of this new race, and all humans are
invited to be part;

Including you.

I am tempted to say it costs nothing; however it costs one thing:- your
heart.

You have to give your heart to Yahweh. Yahweh is Love so you will be
giving your heart to Love.

If this invitation of Love warms your heart and you want to be part of
Yahweh’s new race, contact me and I will show you how, or point you to
someone who will.

My email is in the description to this video.

**Thanks for listening.**

**Love us. Hate us. Like us. Follow us. Do it now.  
  
**------------------------------------------------------------

Tiktok: <https://www.tiktok.com/@live.above.3d>

Youtube: <https://www.youtube.com/@live.above.3d>

Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/live.above.3d>

Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/profile/100092339087423>

Twitter: @live\_above\_3d <https://twitter.com/live_above_3d>

**<u>Bible verses</u>**

**I considered the horns, and, behold, there came up among them another
little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up
by the roots**: and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of
man, and a mouth speaking great things.

Daniel 7:8

**And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand.**

Matthew 10:7

**<u>Books</u>**

Now that you are born again:
<https://www.amazon.de/-/en/Pastor-Chris-Oyakhilome-PhD-ebook/dp/B003XNTGB0>

**<u>Links</u>**

Background music:
<https://archive.org/details/CarlOrffOFortunaCarminaBurana>

Youtube: <https://youtu.be/xlPkwLk5DBU>
